[DO WE "SELL" OR "SHARE" YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
As set out in our Cookie Policy, if you choose to enable third party cookies via Cookie Settings, third parties (such as approved analytics and advertising partners) will collect your personal information via automated technologies on our websites, primarily in an effort to provide you with content and advertisements that may be of interest to you and on the legal bases set out in this privacy policy. The choice is yours. You may elect not to send your personal data to them at any time.
Please note that deciding not to share your information via third party cookies does not mean you will stop seeing ads, but these ads will not be tailored to you based on information derived from your activities on our websites.
Please also note that depending on your selection, we may still share your information in ways that are not a "sale" or "sharing" under California law, such as with our service providers, for our own online advertising purposes.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you are a Californian resident, subject to certain conditions and limitations, you may have the following rights with respect to personal information about you: right of access, You may be entitled to request that we disclose to you personal information we have collected about you, in the preceding 12 months, the categories of sources from which the information was collected, the purposes of collecting the information, the categories of third parties we have shared the information with, and the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties for a business purpose.
If you are a Californian resident, subject to certain conditions and limitations, you may have the following rights with respect to personal information about you: right of data portability, In some instances, you may have the right to receive the information about you in a portable and readily usable format.
If you are a Californian resident, subject to certain conditions and limitations, you may have the following rights with respect to personal information about you: right to have personal information erased, Subject to certain conditions, you may be entitled to request that we delete personal information about you. We will not delete personal information about you when the information is required to fulfill a legal obligation, is necessary to exercise or defend legal claims, or where we are required or permitted to retain the information by law.
If you chose to exercise any of these rights, we will not discriminate against you on the basis of choosing to exercise your privacy rights. We may, however, charge a different rate or provide a different level of service to the extent permitted by law.
If you are a California resident you also have the right to submit a Shine the Light Request, which means you may request that we provide you with a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, as well as the identity of those third parties. Any such disclosures will be made consistent with your choices in Cookie Settings. You may contact us at the information below for a listing.
Verification of your request
Before providing you with the above rights, we must be able to verify your identity. In order to verify your identity, you will need submit information about yourself, including, to the extent applicable, providing your account login credentials or other account information, answers to security questions, your name, government identification number we already have on file, date of birth, contact information, or other personal identifying information. We will match this information against information we have previously collected about you to verify your identity and your request. To the extent you maintain an account with us, we will require you to login to that account as part of submitting your request. If we are unable to verify your identity as part of your request, we will not be able to satisfy your request. We are not obligated to collect additional information in order to enable you to verify your identity. For deletion requests, you will be required to submit a verifiable request for deletion and then to confirm separately that you want personal information about you deleted.
How to make your request
You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a Californian resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information in writing by contacting us at privacy@alexandermcqueen.com , by completing the form available available here or calling our toll-free number +1 646 889 1945.
When can you expect to hear from us
We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and provide information about how we will process the request, including the verification process and expected response time. Please allow up to forty-five days for a response, from the day the request is received. We may require an additional forty-five calendar day extension.
Additional Information: to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. This statement is available in alternative formats upon request. Please contact privacy@alexandermcqueen.com or +1 646 889 1945 to request this statement in an alternative format.]