[VISITORS FROM THE UNITED STATES
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by certain U. S. state data privacy laws. If you reside in California, Nevada, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, this section applies to you and supplements the rest of our Privacy Policy above. Please refer to the state in which you reside to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
If you are a registered buyer based in the United States, the data controller of your personal information is AliExpress E-Commerce One Pte. Ltd. If you are a registered seller based in the United States, the data controller of your personal information is AliExpress International (United States) Corporation. Your data will be stored in the United States. For contact details, please see section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below. Please also note that, if you are a Buyer, Sellers will also act as independent data controllers of your personal information, including information on your Platform purchases and communications between you and such Sellers. Please refer to the relevant Privacy Policy of the respective Seller for more information about the data practices and ways in which they will process such information.
Information Pertaining to Children
Our Platform is not directed to and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect, or solicit personal information online from users under the age of 18, nor children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or have any reasonable grounds to believe that children under the age of 13 are accessing or using our Platform. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below.
California residents
This section supplements the description of our information collection and sharing practices described above under section A. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION and provides certain disclosures to California residents whose personal information we process pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act ("CCPA").
Collection of Personal Information. During the preceding 12 months, we have collected, used, and disclosed the categories of personal information described above in section A. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION.
The personal information that we collect, or have collected in the preceding 12 months, falls into the following categories of personal information, as enumerated by the CCPA: Identifiers, such as your name, postal address, email address, user account name, and IP address; 
The personal information that we collect, or have collected in the preceding 12 months, falls into the following categories of personal information, as enumerated by the CCPA: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code ยง 1798.80(e)), such as your contact information; 
The personal information that we collect, or have collected in the preceding 12 months, falls into the following categories of personal information, as enumerated by the CCPA: Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history; 
The personal information that we collect, or have collected in the preceding 12 months, falls into the following categories of personal information, as enumerated by the CCPA: Internet or network activity information, such as your browsing history and interactions with our Platform; 
The personal information that we collect, or have collected in the preceding 12 months, falls into the following categories of personal information, as enumerated by the CCPA: Geolocation data, such as your approximate location; 
The personal information that we collect, or have collected in the preceding 12 months, falls into the following categories of personal information, as enumerated by the CCPA: Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as your records of your support requests and interactions with our customer support service; 
The personal information that we collect, or have collected in the preceding 12 months, falls into the following categories of personal information, as enumerated by the CCPA: Inferences drawn from any of the above personal information to create a summary about you, for example of your preferences and characteristics.
In limited circumstances, we may also collect sensitive personal information as defined in the CCPA, such as account log-in information.
We may obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the categories of sources described above in section A. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION above.
Use of Personal Information. The business purposes for which we collect and handle personal information is described above in section B. USE OF PERSONAL DATA above.
Disclosure of Personal Information. We disclose or share personal information in the ways described above in section C. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA, including by allowing third parties that provide us analytics and advertising services to collect information through cookies and other similar technologies. 
The CCPA defines a "sale" as disclosing or making available personal information to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and "sharing" includes disclosing or making available personal information to a third party for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. While we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, like many websites, we may "share" (as defined in the CCPA) certain identifiers (i.e., IP address and online identifiers), usage data, and inferences to advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks, including in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. We do so in order to improve and evaluate our advertising campaigns and better reach customers and prospective customers with more relevant ads and content.
The types of personal information that we may share include unique identifiers (e.g., cookies and similar technologies), device information, geolocation data, commercial data, behavioral data, and inferences.
To the extent that the use of cookies and other tracking technologies to disclose certain personal information to third parties to display targeted or personalized advertisements to you constitutes a "sale" or "sharing" of personal information under the CCPA, you may opt out of such cookies at any time by adjusting your cookie choices in our Cookie Preferences on our Platform to adjust your cookie choices.
We do not "sell" or "share" sensitive personal information, nor do we "sell" or "share" any personal information about individuals who we know are under sixteen years old.
You can opt out of any future sale of personal information by using the contact details provided under section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below.
California Privacy Rights. If you are a resident of California, you have the following rights under the
CCPA, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law Know and Access: You have the right to request to know and access the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request: the categories of personal information we have collected about you; 
CCPA, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law Know and Access: You have the right to request to know and access the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request: the categories of sources from which your personal information was collected; 
CCPA, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law Know and Access: You have the right to request to know and access the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request: the business or commercial purposes for collecting, "selling" and "sharing" your personal information; 
CCPA, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law Know and Access: You have the right to request to know and access the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request: the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed, "sold" or "shared" personal information about you; 
CCPA, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law Know and Access: You have the right to request to know and access the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request: the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
You have the right to receive your personal information in a portable and commonly used format.
Correct: You have the right to request that we correct any of your personal information that we have collected from you that is inaccurate.
Delete: You may have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information: You have the right to request that a business not "sell" or "share" your personal information with a third party, as those terms are defined under the CCPA. As described above, we use cookies and other tracking technologies to make available certain personal information to third parties to display targeted or personalized advertisements to you. To the extent that such practice may constitute a "selling" or "sharing" of personal information under the CCPA, you may opt-out of such "selling" or "sharing" at any time by using our Cookie Preferences on our Platform to adjust your cookie choices.
Limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information: We do not use or disclose "sensitive personal information" (as defined by the CCPA) for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or in any way that would require a right to limit under the CCPA. As a result, we do not offer an ability to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information.
Non-Discrimination: You have the right not to be discriminated against because you exercise your rights under the CCPA. We shall not discriminate against you for exercising any of your above rights, for example, we will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of services to you for exercising your CCPA rights unless those differences are related to your information or otherwise permitted by law.
California Shine the Light Law. Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer's personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, without their approval. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please use the contact details provided under section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below.
Do Not Track. California Business and Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) permits our customers who are California residents to be informed as to how we respond to Web browser "Do Not Track" settings. As 'Do Not Track' is a standard that is currently being developed, we do not take actions to respond to 'Do Not Track' settings, and instead we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to find out more about Do Not Track you may find the following link useful: website_url_lnk.
Nevada residents
Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the "sale" of "covered information" (as such terms are defined under Nevada law) for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. "Covered information" includes first and last name, address, email address, and phone number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. As discussed above, we share your information with certain third parties that we believe can provide you with offers and promotions for products and service of interest to you and in the other ways described above. We do not believe that our sharing in this regard would qualify as a sale under Nevada law. Nonetheless, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to record your preference to opt out by using the contact details provided under section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below. Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.
Colorado residents
The Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA") and its implementing regulations define "consumer" as a Colorado resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Colorado "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Access: You have the right to request to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you and to access such personal data.
The Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA") and its implementing regulations define "consumer" as a Colorado resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Colorado "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Data Portability: You have the right to obtain your personal data in a portable and readily usable format.
The Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA") and its implementing regulations define "consumer" as a Colorado resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Colorado "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Correction: You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in the personal data we have collected about you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of processing your personal data.
The Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA") and its implementing regulations define "consumer" as a Colorado resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Colorado "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Deletion: You have the right to request to delete certain of your personal data.
The Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA") and its implementing regulations define "consumer" as a Colorado resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Colorado "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Opt-out of Data Processing for purposes of Targeted Advertising; Sales to Third Parties; and Profiling: We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act. As described above, we do not sell personal data to third parties for money, nor for the purpose of profiling in connection with decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. However, we do process personal data for the purpose of displaying targeted or personalized advertisements to you, if you instruct us to do so. You have the right to opt out of the processing of personal data for personalized advertising purposes at any time by changing your cookies choices via our Cookie Preferences on our Platform.
The Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA") and its implementing regulations define "consumer" as a Colorado resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Colorado "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Appeal: You have the right to appeal a refusal to take action on your request. You must ask us to reconsider our decision within 45 days after we send you our decision. We will endeavor to respond to your appeal within 60 days of such an appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decision, and any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal.
Connecticut residents
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CtDPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Connecticut. If you are a Connecticut "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your Personal Information, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Access: You have the right to request to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you, and to access such personal data.
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CtDPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Connecticut. If you are a Connecticut "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your Personal Information, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Data Portability: You have the right to obtain your personal data in a portable and readily usable format.
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CtDPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Connecticut. If you are a Connecticut "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your Personal Information, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Correction: You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CtDPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Connecticut. If you are a Connecticut "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your Personal Information, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Deletion: You have the right to request to delete the personal data provided by you or obtained about you.
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CtDPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Connecticut. If you are a Connecticut "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your Personal Information, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Opt-out of Data Processing for purposes of Targeted Advertising; Sales to Third Parties; and Profiling: As described above, we do not sell personal data to third parties for money, nor for the purpose of profiling in connection with decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. We may process personal data for the purpose of displaying targeted or personalized advertisements to you, if you instruct us to do so. You have the right to opt out of the processing of personal data for personalized advertising purposes at any time by changing your cookies choices via our Cookie Preferences on our Platform.
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CtDPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Connecticut. If you are a Connecticut "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your Personal Information, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Appeal: You have the right to appeal a refusal to take action on your request. You must ask us to reconsider our decision within 45 days after we send you our decision. We will endeavor to respond to your appeal within 60 days of such an appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decision, and any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal.
Utah residents
The Utah Consumer Privacy Act ("UCPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Utah acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Utah "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Access: You have the right to request to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you, and to access such personal data.
The Utah Consumer Privacy Act ("UCPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Utah acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Utah "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Data Portability: You have the right to obtain your personal data in a portable and readily usable format.
The Utah Consumer Privacy Act ("UCPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Utah acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Utah "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Deletion: You have the right to request to delete the personal data provided by you or obtained about you.
The Utah Consumer Privacy Act ("UCPA") defines "consumer" as an individual who is a resident of Utah acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Utah "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Opt-out of Data Processing for purposes of Targeted Advertising and Sales to Third Parties: As described above, we do not sell personal data to third parties for money, nor for the purpose of profiling in connection with decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. We may process personal data for the purpose of displaying targeted or personalized advertisements to you, if you instruct us to do so. You have the right to opt out of the processing of personal data for personalized advertising purposes at any time by changing your cookies choices via our Cookie Preferences on our Platform.
Virginia residents
The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA") defines "consumer" as a Virginia resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Virginia "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Access: You have the right to request to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you, and to access such personal data.
The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA") defines "consumer" as a Virginia resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Virginia "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Data Portability: You have the right to obtain your personal data in a portable and readily usable format.
The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA") defines "consumer" as a Virginia resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Virginia "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Correction: You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA") defines "consumer" as a Virginia resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Virginia "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Deletion: You have the right to request to delete the personal data provided by you or obtained about you.
The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA") defines "consumer" as a Virginia resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Virginia "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Opt-out of Data Processing for purposes of Targeted Advertising; Sales to Third Parties; and Profiling: As described above, we do not sell personal data to third parties for money, nor for the purpose of profiling in connection with decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. We may process personal data for the purpose of displaying targeted or personalized advertisements to you, if you instruct us to do so. You have the right to opt out of the processing of personal data for personalized advertising purposes at any time by changing your cookies choices via our Cookie Preferences on our Platform.
The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA") defines "consumer" as a Virginia resident who is acting in an individual or household context only and does not include residents acting in a commercial or employment context. If you are a Virginia "consumer", you may have the following rights concerning your personal data, subject to certain limitations and exceptions under applicable law: Appeal: You have the right to appeal a refusal to take action on your request. You must ask us to reconsider our decision within 45 days after we send you our decision. We will endeavor to respond to your appeal within 60 days of such an appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decision, and any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal.
Making US Privacy Rights Requests
If you are a resident of one of the above U. S. states and would like to exercise any of your rights described above, please submit your rights request by using the contact details provided under section P. HOW TO CONTACT US below. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity, including by asking you to verify information about your use of the Platform.
Please note that the rights described above are not absolute, and where an exception under applicable law applies, we may be entitled to refuse requests in whole or in part.
In certain states (such as California), an authorized agent may submit a rights request on your behalf. If you use an agent, we may require you to provide the agent with signed permission to submit a request, require that you verify your identity directly, or otherwise require you to confirm you have provided the authorized agent with permission.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable request within forty-five days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period (up to a total of 90 days) in writing. You may submit a request as frequently as you would like, but we are not required to respond to requests to provide personal information to you more than twice in any 12-month period.]