[This Privacy Notice is issued by Anker Innovations Technology Co., Ltd and its affiliates (together, "Anker", "we", "us" and "our") and is addressed to individuals outside our organization with whom we interact, including customers, visitors to our Sites, users of our Applications, recipients of any of our other products or services (together, "you"). Defined terms used in this Privacy Notice are explained in Section below.
This Privacy Notice applies to all of Anker's brands, including Anker, AnkerMake, AnkerWork, Eufy, Mach, Nebula, Roav, and SoundCore, as well as any specific device, website, or application that references or links to this Privacy Notice. 
We may update this Privacy Notice to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on Anker's Application or Site you used prior to the change becoming effective. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
You may also have certain rights regarding the information we collect about you. Specifically, the rights of Data Subjects under the GDPR are explained in Section below. Similarly, U. S. residents in general and California Residents in particular may find information on their rights as a consumer in Section below.
List of Contents
Collection of Personal Data
Creation of Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect and Process
Purposes of Processing
Legal Basis for Processing
Disclosure of Personal Data
International Transfer of Personal Data
Data Retention
Your Privacy Rights
Direct Marketing
Details of Controllers
Business Information and Links to Other Websites
Cookies, Analytics and Tailored Advertising
Contact Us 
Additional United States Privacy Disclosures
Definitions
Collection of Personal Data
Depending on how you use our Sites, Applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources: data you provide to us: We obtain Personal Data when you provide those data to us (e.g., when you register an account with us; where you contact us via email, telephone, or by any other means; or when you provide us with your business card).
Depending on how you use our Sites, Applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources: account creation details: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you register or create an account to use any of our Sites or Applications.
Depending on how you use our Sites, Applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources: relationship data: We collect or obtain Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g., when we provide a service to you).
Depending on how you use our Sites, Applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources: site or Application data: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit or use any of our Sites or Applications, or use any features or resources available on or through our Sites or Applications.
Depending on how you use our Sites, Applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources: content and advertising information: If you interact with any third-party content or advertising on our Sites and/ or Applications (including third-party plugins and cookies) we allow the relevant third party providers to collect your Personal Data. In exchange, we receive Personal Data from the relevant third-party provider relating to your interaction with that content or advertising.
Depending on how you use our Sites, Applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources: data you make public: We may collect the content you publish, or otherwise manifestly made public about us through our Apps and platforms, your social media, or any other publicly available platforms. 
Depending on how you use our Sites, Applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources: third party information: We collect or obtain Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., single sign-on providers and other authentication services you use to connect to our services, third-party providers of integrated services, your employer, other Anker customers, business partners, Processors, and law enforcement authorities).
Depending on how you use our Sites, Applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources: data automatically collected: We and our third-party partners automatically collect information you provide to us and information about how you access and use our Sites, Applications, products or other services when you visit our services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies or small data files that are stored on an individual's computer and other, related technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, mobile SDKs, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies (collectively, "tracking technologies") and we may use third-party partners or technologies to collect this information. Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly from you or receive from other sources.
For more information on which data we collect, please also refer to the table in Annex I.
Creation of Personal Data
We also Process and retain Personal Data about you in certain circumstances, such as records of your interactions with us, details of your past interactions with us, and inferences or predictions about your characteristics or interests. We may also link Personal Data collected from any of our Sites, Applications, products, or services, including where those data are collected from different devices.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect and Process
When you first register for an Anker account, we may collect the following categories of Personal Data about you: username and password, email addresses and/ or phone numbers. After successfully creating your Anker account, you can use it to log in across Anker's various Sites and Applications without needing to create an account for each specific Site or Application. 
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: contact information: including first and last name, preferred name, phone number, email address, mailing address.
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: account information: including first and last name, date of birth / age, alias, user ID, country, language preferences, email address, phone number, avatar, account credentials or one-time passcodes, single sign-on authentication tokens, loyalty and incentive program credits / rewards, and the products or services you purchased or have otherwise used.
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: transaction information: including records of purchases and prices, consignee first and last name, shipping address and contact information, shipment tracking details, details of returns, and warranty details.
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: payment details: such as invoice / payment records, payment amount, payment date, billing address, payment method. Please note that we use third-party payment providers, including Shop Pay, Stripe, Amazon Pay, PayPal, and Google Pay, to process payments made to us. We do not receive or retain any personally identifiable financial information such as payment card numbers; rather, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party payment providers. The payment provider's use of your personal data is governed by their privacy policy.
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: information collected from third-party authentication services or other third-party accounts you link to our services: some of our Sites, Applications, products, or services may allow you to log in through a third-party social network or authentication service, such as Amazon, Apple, Google, and Facebook. When you use these single sign-on services to access our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we do not receive your login credentials for the relevant third-party service. Instead, we receive tokens from the single sign-on service to help identify you in our system (such as by your username) and confirm you successfully authenticated with the single sign-on services. In addition to authenticating your identity, these services will, in most cases, provide you the option to share certain Personal Data with us, which could include your name, email address, address book, friend list and other contacts, or other information in your public profile (e.g., profile picture, age range, gender, language, country). The data we receive is dependent on that third party's policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. 
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: product-specific information: we collect or otherwise facilitate the processing of the following types of information in connection with certain of our Sites, Applications, products and services, such as customer content, entertainment-related service information, home-related services information, car-related services information, Baby-related services information, Health-related services information, biometric services information. The specific information collected may vary depending on the product you use. For more information on which product-specific data we collect, please also refer to Annex 2.
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: information about your device and network: including the device type, operating system, IP address, browser type, user ID and UUID, or your network (including, for example, a persistent device identifier or advertising ID).
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: information about the way individuals use our services and interact with us: including the site from which you came, the site to which you are going when you leave our services, how frequently you access our services, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access our services from multiple devices, and other browsing behavior and actions you take on our services (such as the pages you visit, the content you view, the communications you have through our services, and the content, links and ads you interact with). We employ third-party technologies designed to allow us to collect detailed information about browsing behavior and actions that individuals take on our services, which may record your actions down to the level of mouse movements, scrolling, clicks, and keystroke activity on our services. 
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: event, contest, promotion, and survey information: including information provided when you sign up for an event, enter a contest or promotion, complete a survey or submit a testimonial. 
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also collect and process the following categories of Personal Data about you: feedback and support information: including the contents of custom messages sent through the forms, email addresses, photographs or videos you file, or other contact information we make available to customers, as well as recordings of calls with us (where permitted by law). 
To collect some of the Personal Data set forth above, we may need to request permission to access such Personal Data through your mobile device. You are in control of the permissions you grant us, and you may change your permission settings at any time in the setting dashboard of your device. Note that revoking permissions may affect the provision and performance of our Sites, Applications, products, and services. 
Purposes of Processing 
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: fulfill our contractual obligations, to deliver the products and services you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including customer support).
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: communicate with individuals, including via email, text message, social media and telephone and video calls.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: review our business performance.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: market our products and services to businesses and individuals, including through email, direct mail, phone, text message or online advertising. This may include targeted advertising and retargeting.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: administer, improve and personalize our products and services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our customer base.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: process payment for our services.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: conduct market research.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: opportunity tracking, conversion and lead generation.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: test, enhance, update and monitor the products and services, or diagnose or fix technology problems; 
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property, products and services, technology assets and business.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: enforce our contractual rights, including without limitation, and to the extent applicable, the Anker Terms of Service, General Terms and Conditions, Software Terms of Service; any addenda thereto or other applicable terms. 
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity; and
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: enable functions of our Sites or Applications, including creating profiles, using our online-shop and rating products.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: display certain functionalities of our Sites or Apps in connection with third parties, such as the trusted shop banner, shipment tracking or product videos.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: enable you to use certain functionalities of our products；
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: offer discounts to certain groups, such as students; 
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: decide whether to enter into a business partnership, such as the affiliate program or the merchant program.
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes: comply with legal obligations.
You can find more information about how we Process your Personal Data in the table in Annex I.
Legal Basis for Processing
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, if you are Subject to the GDPR, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows perform our contractual services or prior to entering into a contract with you: If you order products or services from us or if you contact us to request our products or services, we use your Personal Data to provide you with these products or services, including for account and contract management, to facilitate user benefits and services, including customer support and process payment for our products and services or with information that may be relevant for you to decide on whether you want to order our products and services.
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, if you are Subject to the GDPR, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows justified by our legitimate interests: The usage of your Personal Data may also be necessary for our own business interests. For example, we may use some of your Personal Data to update and monitor the services, or diagnose or fix technology problems; help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and services, technology assets and business; enforce our terms, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties; and prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity.
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, if you are Subject to the GDPR, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows consent: In some cases, we may ask you to grant us separate consent to use your Personal Data. In this case, you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future.
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, if you are Subject to the GDPR, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows compliance with legal obligations: We are obligated to collect or retain certain Personal Data because of legal requirements, for example, tax or commercial laws, or we may be required by law enforcement to provide Personal Data on request.
You can find more information on the legal basis in the table in Annex I.
Disclosure of Personal Data 
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide Personal Data with and to third parties, as described below.
Anker Affiliates: We share Personal Data amongst the legal entities that make up the Anker group, for legitimate business purposes and the operation of our Sites, Applications, products, and services for you, in accordance with applicable law. These legal entities may use your Personal Data in the manner described in this Privacy Notice. 
Legal Obligations and Rights: We may disclose Personal Data to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement agencies, regulators, other authorities and other third parties for legal reasons if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary:
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process; 
to protect our rights and property and the rights, personal safety and property of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies.
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud or other criminal activity; or 
as otherwise required by applicable law.
Third party Processors: We share Personal Data with third party contractors and service providers subject to reasonable confidentiality terms. The services provided on our behalf by such third-party contractors and service providers may include email service providers; marketing/advertising service providers; call service providers; video shopping support and showroom service providers; text message service providers; venue operators; payment services providers; shipping companies; and postal carriers, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section (6). These Processors support us in processing the types of Personal Data described above in Sections (1), (2), and (3), and for the purposes described in Section (4). They only are authorized to process that information as necessary and as directed by us.
Advertising networks: To efficiently market our products and services to you, we may share Personal Data with so called advertising networks. These parties may collect information automatically from your browser or device when you visit our websites and other services through the use of cookies and similar technologies. This information is used to provide and inform targeted advertising, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. For more information about how these technologies work and certain choices you may have in relation to these technologies, please refer to Section below; 
Business and marketing partners: We may also disclose Personal Data with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services or who are part of our partner program. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law.
Third party services integrated in our services (for instance, third party voice-assisted technologies may receive information you choose to share directly with them).
Individuals you choose, for example through our device-sharing function; we recommend you share information with only people you trust.
Independent advisors: We may disclose Personal Data to our independent advisors such as accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers, and other outside professional advisors to Anker, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality.
Corporate Transactions: if Anker is involved in a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our company assets, we may disclose Personal Data to a third party during negotiation of, in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction. If Anker completes such a corporate business transaction, you will be notified via email and a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data. Personal Data may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership; and
We may also disclose your Personal Data to any other third party or publicly with your prior consent or direction.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: only Process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law. Please note that third parties and business partners may process your Personal Data in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms of service.
International Transfer of Personal Data
Because of the international nature of our business, we transfer Personal Data within the Anker group, and to third parties as noted in Section above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice. For this reason, we transfer Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements than those that apply in the country in which you are located, including China, the EEA, the UK, and the US.
In the event of a transfer by Anker, we ensure that international transfers of your Personal Data are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as Ensuring that the Personal Data is only transferred to countries recognized as Adequate Jurisdictions. The current adequacy decisions can be found here. There is currently no adequacy decision for the United States and China; 
In the event of a transfer by Anker, we ensure that international transfers of your Personal Data are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or UK Secretary of State (as applicable) in connection with appropriate supplementary measures. The decision and the template text of these Standard Contractual Clauses can be found here; 
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards, including the specific contracts entered into, used, please contact us using the details set out under Section of this Privacy Notice.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Data directly to any Anker entity established outside the UK, Switzerland, or the EEA (as applicable), this is considered a direct collection, to which the safeguards mentioned in this Section may not apply. We will nevertheless Process your Personal Data, from the point at which we receive those data, in accordance with the provisions of this Policy.
Data Retention
We have implemented processes designed to ensure that your Personal Data are only processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data are as follows we will retain Personal Data in a form that permits identification only for as long as
we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you are a user of our services, or you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or 
your Personal Data are necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g., where your Personal Data are included in a contract between you and us, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing those Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data), 
the duration of any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e., either any statutory retention periods as required by the law of the European Union or a member state of the EEA, or any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data are relevant); 
the duration of an additional two month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that are relevant to that claim),
in addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
During the periods noted in paragraphs (2)(a) and (2)(b) above, we will restrict our Processing of your Personal Data to storage of, and maintaining the security of, those data, except to the extent that those data need to be reviewed in connection with any legal claim, or any obligation under applicable law.
Once the periods in paragraphs (1), and above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either permanently delete or destroy the Relevant Personal Data; or
Once the periods in paragraphs (1), and above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either anonymize or deidentify the Relevant Personal Data.
Your Privacy Rights
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, please note that we may be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our services, if you do not provide us with your Personal Data, e.g., we might not be able to process your requests without the necessary details).
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right to request access to, or copies of, your Relevant Personal Data, together with additional information, such as information regarding the nature, Processing and disclosure of those Relevant Personal Data.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right to request rectification of any inaccuracies or incompleteness in your Relevant Personal Data.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right to request, on legitimate grounds: erasure of your Relevant Personal Data without undue delay; or
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right to request, on legitimate grounds: restriction of Processing of your Relevant Personal Data (limiting the purposes for which we Process your Personal Data).
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right to have certain Relevant Personal Data transferred to another Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right to request the deletion or removal of your Relevant Personal Data where there is no other legal basis for us to keep using it. Please note that we may not be able to immediately remove the information from the backup system due to applicable laws and regulations or technological limitations. If this is the case, we will isolate your Relevant Personal Data from further processing until the backup can be deleted or be anonymized / deidentified.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: where we Process your Relevant Personal Data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Data in reliance upon any other available legal bases).
Under the GDPR , you may also have the following additional rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf, where such processing is based on Articles 6(1)(e) (public interest) or 6(1)(f) (legitimate interests) of the GDPR; 
Under the GDPR , you may also have the following additional rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right to object to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf for direct marketing purposes；and
Under the GDPR , you may also have the following additional rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data: the right to lodge complaints regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data with a competent Data Protection Authority (in particular, the UK Information Commissioner's Office, or the Data Protection Authority of the EU Member State in which you live, or in which you work, or in which the alleged infringement occurred. If you live in Germany, the relevant Data Protection Authority is the "Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht", Promenade 18, 91522 Ansbach). However, we encourage you to first contact us so that we can together solve any concerns you may have.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Privacy Notice, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, please use the contact details provided in Section below. Please note that in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights; and
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Privacy Notice, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, please use th]