[CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: March 2023
WHAT IS COVERED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND DO OTHER POLICIES APPLY TO YOU?
WHAT SPECIFIC TERMS APPLY TO YOU DEPENDING ON YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE?
WHO COLLECTS & USES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
WHEN DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WHO ARE OUR THIRD-PARTY SOURCES?
SHOULD YOU ALWAYS SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH US?
FOR HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WHERE DO WE TRANSFER & STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN?
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
CAN THE PRIVACY POLICY CHANGE?
DO WE USE COOKIES OR OTHER ONLINE ADVERTISING TECHNOLOGIES?
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
APPENDIX 1, Specific information for Australian residents ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
APPENDIX 2, Specific information for residents of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, SAUDI ARABIA, Mexico, Chile, South Korea OR AZERBAIJAN about the use of your personal information
APPENDIX 3, Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents
Appendix 4, Specific information for Californian residents
WHAT IS COVERED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND DO OTHER POLICIES APPLY TO YOU?
This privacy policy covers situations where we, Bottega Veneta , access, collect, store, process, use, disclose or transfer your personal information in paper or electronic form. It also covers situations where approved partners or other members of Kering use your personal information on our behalf.
In some cases, other policies apply to you. It may be the case when you use certain products or services, and in this event you will be notified of these other policies while using the products or services they apply to.
Such policies will supersede this privacy policy unless they expressly refer to it.
This privacy policy does not cover products or services you might use as provided by other companies acting on their own account.
Read more Read more
Our privacy policy does not extend to services provided by other companies acting on their own account, such as franchisees and licensees or when you share information through social media (WeChat, WhatsApp, Baidu, Kakao Talk, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.), or other online platforms owned and managed by other companies. These other companies have their own privacy policies in place, so remember that the way they use any personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Want to know more? You may be interested in the following sections of our Privacy Policy: who collects & uses your personal information?
With whom do we share your personal information?
What are your rights regarding your personal information?
WHAT SPECIFIC TERMS APPLY TO YOU DEPENDING ON YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE?
The protection of your personal information is an essential part of our activities. In order to provide you with a personalized experience, we will apply the data protection laws of your country of residence. This approach would also be consistent with consumer laws of the country of your habitual residence, and would hence allow us to better meet your expectations regarding the protection of your personal information.
If you are a resident of any of the following countries/regions, please make sure that you refer to the Annex containing specific information for your jurisdiction: if you are an Australian resident, please refer to Appendix 1, Specific information for Australian residents about the use of your personal information to obtain information about the reasons for which we may process your personal information; 
If you are a resident of any of the following countries/regions, please make sure that you refer to the Annex containing specific information for your jurisdiction: if you are a resident of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Chile, South Korea or Azerbaijan, please refer to Appendix 2, Specific information for residents of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Chile, South Korea or Azerbaijan about the use of your personal information to obtain information about the reasons for which we may process your personal information and the legal bases we may use; 
If you are a resident of any of the following countries/regions, please make sure that you refer to the Annex containing specific information for your jurisdiction: if you are a resident of the United States or Guam, please refer to Appendix 3, Specific information on text and instant messages for residents of the United States or Guam residents to obtain information about how and when we may use your phone number to send you messages; 
If you are a Californian resident, please refer to Appendix 4, Specific information for Californian residents to obtain information about the categories of personal information we may use, the sale of your personal information and your rights over your personal information.
WHO COLLECTS & USES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We, Bottega Veneta SRL, act as the "data controller", which means that we determine "why" and "how" your personal information is collected and used. We are an Italian corporation, located in 1 Località Conti Maltraverso, 36054 Montebello Vicentino, ITALY and registered under number 01824610248 with the company registry of Vicenza.
To be able to deliver our products and services to you, we need to share your personal information with approved partners or other members of Kering who generally act as our "data processors". All are bound by an obligation to implement appropriate security measures to protect personal information in their possession and are bound by a strict confidentiality agreement and specific contractual terms on "how" and "when" they are allowed to use your personal information on our behalf.
Please be aware that certain approved partners, such as our franchisees and licensees or social media, could also determine "why" and "how" your personal information is used. They have their own privacy and cookies policies, so remember that the personal information you give them will be subject to their rules and not ours.
Read more Read more
Your local legislation may not refer to the terms "data controller" or "data processor", but respectively to terms such as "data user", "owner", "business", "responsible party", etc., and as "data intermediary", "operator", etc. In order to understand our role, please note that we, Bottega Veneta, are the entity who decides on the methods and purposes of the processing of your personal information by determining "why" and "how" your personal information is collected and used. Our "data processors" are entities who use your personal information on our behalf by receiving instructions from us on "how" and "when" they are allowed to use it. 
Want to know more? You may be interested in the following sections of our Privacy Policy: why do we collect your personal information?
How do we collect your personal information?
With whom do we share your personal information?
What are your rights regarding your personal information?
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Bottega Veneta will collect, record, hold, organize, structure, store, update, adapt, combine, consult, use, transfer and disclose your personal information for the purposes described in this section. Your personal information will not be further used for purposes incompatible or inconsistent with the purposes for which it was collected, unless permitted by the applicable legislation.
The processing of your personal information will comply with your privacy legislation and rely on the legal bases set out in this section. The legal bases listed in this section will also apply when we share your data with third parties (as listed in the section With whom do we share your personal information?) for the purposes mentioned below.
If you would like more information on the purposes and legal bases, you can contact us at privacy@bottegaveneta.com (or see How can you contact us?).
Read more Read more
The processing of your personal information will rely on the legal bases set out below, unless you are a resident of one of the following countries: if you are an Australian resident, please jump to Appendix 1, Specific information for Australian residents about the use of your personal information.
The processing of your personal information will rely on the legal bases set out below, unless you are a resident of one of the following countries: if you are a resident of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Mexico, Chile, Saudi Arabia, South Korea or Azerbaijan, please jump to Appendix 2, Specific information for residents of Qatar, Vietnam, China, Kuwait, Mexico, Chile, Saudi Arabia, South Korea or Azerbaijan about the use of your personal information.
To provide you with the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested
We will use your personal information to manage our relationship with you and to perform our obligations under the contract you conclude with us when you purchase or otherwise request products or services from us. This can cover various activities such as internal accounting, processing your payment or delivery.
Read more Read more
To provide you with the products and services you have requested, we will access, collect, store, process, use, disclose and transfer your personal information for invoicing, payment management and internal accounting.
Some of the operations mentioned above can be implemented by partners of ours as identified in section "With whom do we share your personal information?" below, in particular the registration, payment and delivery of your order. Your information may be communicated, used or collected directly via the information system of our partner.
Certain specific information may be required to provide you with gift cards, customization services, or when you reserve a product or a service, request the repair of a product, or purchase products or services by phone, or on our website or a marketplace. In such cases, we could access, collect, store and use your personal information for delivery, warehouse and return management.
During your visit to our store, we may need to collect your information in order to allow you to access our premises or when you wish to obtain a particular service: request for tax on products or in connection with our after-sales service, etc.
The purposes for which we process your personal information are as follows
The processing of your personal information is justified on the following legal basis
Providing you with the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested either in our stores or online.
This involves any action necessary to perform our obligations under the sale or service contract you conclude with us (processing of your payment, delivery, return management, etc.)
Performance of a contract 
To manage your Bottega Veneta profile.
Once you have requested us to create your Bottega Veneta profile, via Bottega Veneta websites or any other means, including our customer service, your personal information will be linked to this profile, where we will keep all the information we have on you. This could include personal information we obtain directly from you as well as from other sources in accordance with applicable legislation. This could also include information about the purchases made when checking out as a guest or when checking out using a profile. The information in your Bottega Veneta profile is crucial to provide you with the Bottega Veneta personalized and tailored experience, and in some cases is necessary in order to access to some specific services or to purchase from our website, and thus it needs to be kept up to date for the best experience.
Read more Read more
Once you have asked us to create your Bottega Veneta profile, we will supplement it with personal information such as your purchases, preferences and contact details. In this context, please be aware that we use personal identification information, such as your email address or phone number, to link an interaction or a purchase with your Bottega Veneta profile. This also applies when checking-out as a guest on our website when making a purchase, as mentioned above, or in case you bind your social media open ID account with your Bottega Veneta profile (by using dedicated QR Codes for example). In addition, we may use your date of birth to determine that you are old enough to use our services.
In order to keep your personal information accurate, we will take every reasonable step to ensure that personal information we hold is properly updated. Subject to your applicable privacy legislation you may have the right to have your information rectified at any time, and in any event please let us know if any of your information needs updating or correcting, and we will make our best efforts to detect and correct inaccurate personal information (data cleansing) and delete any duplicated dataset. This may require us to correct typographical errors or inconsistent personal information.
The purposes for which we process your personal information are as follows
The processing of your personal information is justified on the following legal basis
Administering, managing and maintaining your Bottega Veneta profile once you have requested us to create it. 
This could include data cleansing and deduplication.
Performance of a contract
or our legitimate interest (where applicable)
Once your profile has been created upon your request, to supplement it with the personal information you provide us during our interactions and thus ensure we retain the most accurate and up-to-date version of your profile (and such legitimate interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights) 
To provide you with tailored customer service and assistance.
You should have the same unified experience no matter how we communicate. Whether this happens in our stores, on our website, by chat, by phone or by video, and whether you contact us or we contact you, we want to provide you with relevant and tailored customer service.
For this purpose of providing you the Bottega Veneta experience, we will collect, store, process, use, disclose and transfer your personal information and other information you submit to us to be able to identify you, to provide service to you, or to improve our products or services. This will allow us to provide you with the tailored assistance you are asking for or to share relevant information with you. In addition, when you contact us, we may retain the personal information or other information you share with us to always provide you with such a customised and personalised experience. This could happen if you are an existing or potential customer. Your personal information will be linked to your Bottega Veneta profile, if you have requested us to create one, or to a temporary record. Any messages you send us in any chat may be recorded or monitored for customer service or other reasons.
To provide you with a smooth and enjoyable customer experience, know you better to provide you with tailored answers, and to improve the quality and security of our services, we may rely on your consent, proceed in accordance with our contract with you, or take all reasonable steps to enter into a contract with you, or rely on our legitimate interest to improve our services.
Read more Read more
We will use the information we have about you to try to identify you when you contact us (whether by phone, video chat, text message, chat, social media, etc.). When we can identify you, we will be able to access personal information available in your Bottega Veneta profile or in your temporary record, to know when you have previously interacted with us and to provide you with the tailored assistance you are asking for. This could include real-time or subsequent monitoring of your interaction with us (for example on our website or in a store) to identify the products you are looking at or what could be your specific need.
To provide you with adequate customer service, you may be asked if you need further assistance when you are on our website or in a store. On our website, if you do not want to be contacted, kindly close the chat navigation window. This service was implemented for you to enjoy the same service as in one of our physical stores.
If we are not able to identify you, we may create a temporary record to allow you to have a unified purchase experience. Indeed, however you interact with us, we will do our best to avoid asking you again for information you have already shared with us. 
Your personal information, in particular your Bottega Veneta profile if you have created one or the temporary record we may create about you, could enable our sales associates to contact you directly in relation to the products and services you have purchased or otherwise requested, such as when a product becomes available again or when an order you have placed has been received in store, or to share with you any other information you have requested from us.
Your use of our websites may be recorded or monitored using "session replay" which allows us to see how you interact with our website, including your mouse movements, key strokes, or other interactions. This allows us to provide better customer service to you and to improve the quality of our products and services.
In addition, the monitoring of our interaction (including, with prior notice to you, via voice or video recording. such as real time listening or analysis, or listening in real time) enables us to improve the quality and safety of our services and to provide you with tailored answers. 
All our customers are important to us. However, some of our customers and potential customers benefit from a more personalized experience due to the important relationship they keep with Bottega Veneta. Our teams may need to collect and gather information on such customers or potential customers in order to identify personalities who correspond to the image and values of Bottega Veneta to offer them unique support. This may be the case when you participate in one of our selective projects or when our Sales Associates offers you to participate in events or contacts you for certain special occasions (for your birthdays or for a particular event of your life).
The purposes for which we process your personal information are as follows
The processing of your personal information is justified on the following legal basis
Administering, managing and maintaining your Bottega Veneta profile
This will be done if you have requested us to create your Bottega Veneta profile and if we are able to identify you. We will supplement your Bottega Veneta profile with the personal information you provide us with when you contact us or when we contact you. This could include data cleansing and deduplication.
Performance of a contract
or our legitimate interest (where applicable)
Once your profile has been created upon your request, to supplement it with the personal information you provide us during our interactions and thus ensure we retain the most accurate and up-to-date version of your profile (and such legitimate interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights) 
Administering, managing and maintaining a temporary record
This will be done if we are not able to identify you. We will supplement this temporary record with information you provide us with when you contact us or when we contact you, to avoid asking you again for information you have already shared with us and provide with you tailored assistance about our products and services.
Taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
or our legitimate interest (where applicable)
When we are not able to identify you, to supplement a temporary record to provide you tailored assistance (and such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights) 
Inbound interaction, Providing you with the products, services or information you may request when you contact us
Performance of a contract or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract 
Outbound interaction, Contacting you directly in connection with the products, services and information you have requested 
Performance of a contract or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
or our legitimate interest (where applicable)
To provide you with an adequate answer when our interaction is not related to the formation or performance of a contract (and such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights) 
Realtime interaction, To allow you to try on our products virtually or interact with other customers
Performance of a contract or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
When we collect information to provide you with relevant assistance about our products or services
Our legitimate interest to provide you with tailored assistance when we are not able to identify you (and when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Or your consent if your facial image is pictured or if your personal information is visible to other customers 
Real-time or further monitoring of our interaction, to enable us to improve the quality and safety of our service and provide you with better answers. 
This monitoring could be implemented during both inbound and outbound interactions and could be carried out via voice or video recording or listening in real time, with prior notice to you.
Performance of a contract or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
When we collect information to provide you with relevant assistance about our products or services
Our legitimate interest
When we collect information to improve the quality and safety of our service (and when such interest is not overridden by your own interests or fundamental rights)
Or your consent to cookies
when such monitoring is done on our website via cookies or other online advertising technologies 
To enable you to receive relevant information and tailored marketing content.
You will receive information and updates about us either at your request (with your prior consent where required by law) or when we are authorisAppendix 4, Specific information for Californian residents
What personal information do we collect
General information
Category
Purpose of processing 
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers, including information about your vehicle.
This set of personal information enables us to identify you, manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide you with customer service and assistance and, in some cases, to contact you, including by sending you relevant information and tailored marketing content.
In addition, some of our goods may be equipped with tags (e.g. RFID or NFC) and a printed code, which could be associated with your personal information, in order to detect security incidents and to protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity. 
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
This set of personal information enables us to identify you, manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide you with customer service and assistance and, in some cases, to contact you, including by sending you relevant information and tailored marketing content. 
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
This set of personal information enables us to provide you with the products and services you have requested, manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide you with relevant customer service and assistance, secure our communications and to manage and better understand our business. 
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
This set of personal information enables us to always offer you the optimum service by understanding you better. We use it to manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide you with relevant customer service and assistance and also, in certain circumstances, to contact you for example by sending you relevant information, updates and tailored marketing content. 
Geolocation data.
This set of personal information enables better delivery of the service you expect from us.
It could include personal information related to your interactions with us and allows us to manage your Bottega Veneta profile, provide relevant customer service and tailored marketing content, establish communications and conduct our business securely, assess and better understand our business, and optimise and manage our website and other means of communication. 
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
This data (e.g. recordings of customer service calls, tags (e.g. RFID or NFC) and printed codes which could be associated with your personal information) is processed to answer your queries, detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for compliance management. 
Characteristics of classes protected under federal or California law
We will always try to avoid collecting and using the information in the list below. However, this may occur in cases where no other option is available. In this event, we will take steps to minimise the data collected, use the highest level of care and always comply with the applicable privacy legislation (in particular, by seeking for your consent where required).
It could include familial status, disability, sex, national origin, religion, color, race, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, ancestry, source of income, age, or genetic information.
Categories of information collected over the past 12 months.
Please note that the categories mentioned in this section What personal information do we collect? also represent the categories of personal information that we have collected over the past 12 months.
DO WE "SELL" OR "SHARE" YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
As set out in our Cookie Policy, if you choose to enable third party cookies via Cookie Settings, third parties (such as approved analytics and advertising partners) will collect your personal information via automated technologies on our websites, primarily in an effort to provide you with content and advertisements that may be of interest to you and on the legal bases set out in this privacy policy. The choice is yours. You may elect not to send your personal data to them at any time.
Please note that deciding not to share your information via third party cookies does not mean you will stop seeing ads, but these ads will not be tailored to you based on information derived from your activities on our websites.
Please also note that depending on your selection, we may still share your information in ways that are not a "sale" or "sharing" under California law, such as with our service providers, for our own online advertising purposes.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you are a Californian resident, subject to certain conditions and limitations, you may have the following rights with respect to personal information about you: right of access, You may be entitled to request that we disclose to you personal information we have collected about you, in the preceding 12 months, the categories of sources from which the information was collected, the purposes of collecting the information, the categories of third parties we have shared the information with, and the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties for a business purpose.
If you are a Californian resident, subject to certain conditions and limitations, you may have the following rights with respect to personal information about you: right of data portability, In some instances, you may have the right to receive the information about you in a portable and readily usable format.If you are a Californian resident, subject to certain conditions and limitations, you may have the following rights with respect to personal information about you: right to have personal information erased, Subject to certain conditions, you may be entitled to request that we delete personal information about you. We will not delete personal information about you when the information is required to fulfill a legal obligation, is necessary to exercise or defend legal claims, or where we are required or permitted to retain the information by law.
If you chose to exercise any of these rights, we will not discriminate against you on the basis of choosing to exercise your privacy rights. We may, however, charge a different rate or provide a different level of service to the extent permitted by law.
If you are a California resident you also have the right to submit a Shine the Light Request, which means you may request that we provide you with a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, as well as the identity of those third parties. Any such disclosures will be made consistent with your choices in Cookie Settings. You may contact us at the information below for a listing.
Verification of your request
Before providing you with the above rights, we must be able to verify your identity. In order to verify your identity, you will need submit information about yourself, including, to the extent applicable, providing your account login credentials or other account information, answers to security questions, your name, government identification number we already have on file, date of birth, contact information, or other personal identifying information. We will match this information against information we have previously collected about you to verify your identity and your request. To the extent you maintain an account with us, we will require you to login to that account as part of submitting your request. If we are unable to verify your identity as part of your request, we will not be able to satisfy your request. We are not obligated to collect additional information in order to enable you to verify your identity. For deletion requests, you will be required to submit a verifiable request for deletion and then to confirm separately that you want personal information about you deleted.
How to make your request
You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a Californian resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information in writing by contacting us at privacy@bottegaveneta.com , by completing the form available here or calling our toll-free number +1 646 889 1945.
When can you expect to hear from us
We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and provide information about how we will process the request, including the verification process and expected response time. Please allow up to forty-five days for a response, from the day the request is received. We may require an additional forty-five calendar day extension.
Additional Information: to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. This statement is available in alternative formats upon request. Please contact privacy@bottegaveneta.com or +1 646 889 1945 to request this statement in an alternative format.
2024 Bottega Veneta]