[Your rights: Subject to exceptions under applicable law, you may have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information, as described below: 
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Correction: You have the right to request that we correct the personal information we maintain about you, if that information is inaccurate.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing: You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information or sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. You can opt out of cookie-based selling/sharing by clicking here or broadcasting the Global Privacy Control signal. For more information about how to use the Global Privacy Control signal, please see website_url_lnk In addition, you can opt out of other types of selling/sharing as further described in the CCPA Opt-out Page. Your opt-out will be specific to the browser and device you are using and will apply to the website domain on which you submit the request. If you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device to access the site, please submit a new request to re-apply your opt-out choice. Note that even if you opt out of selling or sharing, you may still be served advertisements and receive marketing e-mails from us and our service providers.
To exercise your rights on behalf of yourself or another individual, please contact us as described in the section headed "Contact us" below. If you exercise your rights, we may require you to provide certain information to verify your identity (such as your name, e-mail address, phone number and address) or the authority of any third person acting on your behalf.
No discrimination: If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. This section is available in alternative formats upon request by contacting us as described in the section headed "Contact us" below.
Personal, family and household clients: In addition, under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a California resident and your business relationship with us is primarily for personal, family or household purposes, you may request certain data regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail message to our e-mail address below with "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line. You may make such a request up to once per calendar year. If applicable, we will provide you, by e-mail, a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the third parties' names and addresses. Please note that not all personal information sharing is covered by Section 1798.83's requirements.
Privacy: Other states
Your rights: If you are a New Jersey, Texas or Virginia resident and you interact with us in an individual or household capacity (and not in a commercial or employment context), subject to exceptions under applicable law, you may have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information, as set forth above in 'Commitment 3: Respecting your rights' (including the rights to access and data portability, and to correct or delete certain personal information).
In addition, you have the right to opt-out of cookie-based selling/targeted advertising by clicking here or broadcasting the Global Privacy control signal. For more information about how to use the Global Privacy Control signal, please see website_url_lnk You can opt-out of other types of selling/targeted advertising as further described in the Opt-out page.
To exercise your rights on behalf of yourself or another individual, please contact us as described in the section headed 'Contact Us' below. If you exercise your rights, we may require you to provide certain information to verify your identity (such as your name, email address, phone number and address) or the authority of any third person acting on your behalf.
You may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by contacting us as described in the section headed 'Contact Us' below.
Contact us 
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy or Cookie Policy, or privacy matters generally, please contact us at the address provided below. You can also use this address if you wish to request access to the personal information about you that we process or to unsubscribe from any further e-mail marketing communications.
Cartier North America, Branch of Richemont North America, 645 Fifth Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10022
+1 800 CARTIER (From USA)
contact.na@clientrelations.cartier.com ]