[B. California Residents' Rights
CCPA Rights. In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA with respect to their personal information (subject to certain exceptions and limitations): opt out of sales and sharing: to opt-out of our sale and sharing of their personal information.
CCPA Rights. In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA with respect to their personal information (subject to certain exceptions and limitations): limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information: to limit certain uses or disclosures of sensitive personal information to those uses authorized by the CCPA.
CCPA Rights. In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA with respect to their personal information (subject to certain exceptions and limitations): deletion: to request deletion of their personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
CCPA Rights. In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA with respect to their personal information (subject to certain exceptions and limitations): to know/access: to know what personal information we have collected about them, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them.
CCPA Rights. In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA with respect to their personal information (subject to certain exceptions and limitations): correction: to request correction of inaccurate personal information.
CCPA Rights. In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA with respect to their personal information (subject to certain exceptions and limitations): non-discrimination: not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Submitting CCPA Requests. California residents may submit CCPA requests regarding their personal information maintained by us through one of the following methods: Online through our privacy portal
Submitting CCPA Requests. California residents may submit CCPA requests regarding their personal information maintained by us through one of the following methods: By phone at 1-866-221-6871 (toll free)
Please complete all required fields on our webform or otherwise provide us with this information via the above toll-free number so that we can process your request. When you submit a request to know, delete, or correct, we will take steps to verify your request by matching the information provided by you with the information we have in our records. In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or where necessary to process your request. If we are unable to adequately verify a request, we will notify the requestor. Authorized agents may also submit requests on behalf of consumers using the online form above; authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.
Your Right to Opt Out of Sales/Sharing. As noted above, California residents can submit a request to opt out of sales and sharing online through our privacy portal or by calling us at (866) 221-6871. We will apply your opt out request based upon the personal information in our records that is linked or reasonably linkable to the information provided in your request.
In addition, our Website responds to global privacy control-or "GPC"-signals, which means that if we detect that your browser is communicating a GPC signal, we will process that as a request to opt that particular browser and device out of sales and sharing (i.e., via cookies and tracking tools) on that Site. Note that if you come back to the Website from a different device or use a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt out (or set GPC for) that browser and device as well. More information about GPC is available at website_url_lnk
Financial Incentives. California residents have the right to understand the material terms of any "financial incentive" offered to them and to not be included in such without consent. If we provide any programs or offerings that are considered "financial incentives" under the CCPA, we will disclose the material details of such program to you so that you can choose whether to opt in. You also have the right to opt out of a financial incentive program at any time.
Your Privacy Rights Under California Shine the Light Law. Under California's "Shine the Light" law (Cal. Civ. Code ยง 1798.83), California residents who provide us certain personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties for their own direct marketing use. Such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third-party sharing in the prior calendar year. To submit a "Shine the Light" request, email us at dprivacy@stellantis.com, and include in your request a current California address and your attestation that you are a California resident.
For more information about our privacy practices, you may contact us as set forth above, in Section 13. Contact Us.]