[Privacy Statement
SCOPE
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
PURPOSES OF USE AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
AGGREGATE AND NON-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION 
COOKIES, ANALYTICS AND TARGETED ADVERTISING
SECURITY
THIRD PARTY AND CO-BRANDED SITES AND OTHER SERVICES
RIGHTS AND CHOICES
SPECIAL NOTICE TO INTERNATIONAL USERS AND CUSTOMERS
CHILDREN
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY SUPPLEMENT
FCA US Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 1, 2024 
FCA US LLC ("FCA US," "we" or "us") is committed to privacy and transparency in our information practices. This FCA US Privacy Policy (our "Privacy Policy") describes how we collect, use, disclose, share, and otherwise process the personal information described in this Privacy Policy, as well as the rights and choices individuals have regarding their personal information.
If you are a California resident, please review our California Privacy Supplement for additional information about our privacy practices and your California privacy rights, including your right to opt out of sales and sharing of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA").
Your access to and use of our Services (as defined below) is subject to our applicable terms and agreements, including the FCA Website Terms of Use, and, as applicable, our App End User License Agreement, the FCA Connected Service Terms of Service, and the SiriusXM Guardian Terms of Services (collectively, the "Terms"). These Terms are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy, including their applicable limitations on liability and the resolution of disputes.
SCOPE
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information related to: our websites (each a "Website"), mobile applications (each an "App"), and online services that link to or display this Privacy Policy, and our "Connected Services" (as defined and further described in our Connected Services Privacy Notice), as well as the services that FCA makes available to through each of these (collectively, the "Services").
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information related to: current and former FCA vehicle owners and Connected Services users.
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information related to: shoppers and prospective purchasers of FCA vehicles, products, and services and other individuals who receive our marketing and promotional communications.
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information related to: participants in contests, promotions, surveys, and other events that we conduct or sponsor.
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information related to: individuals that otherwise contact us or interact with us related to our vehicles, the Services, or our business operations.
This Privacy Policy is intended to describe our overall privacy practices with regard to the personal information subject to this Policy. Our actual collection, use, disclosure, and processing of personal information about individuals will vary depending upon the circumstances.
Additional Privacy Notices and Terms.
We may also provide additional privacy notices ("additional notice") for specific products, programs, events, promotions, services, features, incentives, or other offers that we provide or make available. For example, the FCA Connected Services Privacy Notice applies to and provides more detail about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information related to the Connected Services. If you participate in a sweepstake, incentive program, or other promotion, additional privacy terms may apply as set forth in the terms for that promotion. If there is a conflict with the terms of this Privacy Policy and an additional notice, the terms for the promotion will govern with regard to the personal information collected related to that promotion.
Not Covered by this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information by independently owned and operated FCA dealerships and business. In addition, this Privacy Policy does not generally apply to the personal information that we collect about job applicants and candidates, employees, independent contractors, and other workers, or owners and personnel of FCA dealers. If you are a California resident, a different privacy notice (and not this Privacy Policy) applies to our use, disclosure, and processing of such personal information about you.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect personal information directly from individuals, such as when an individual registers for a Connected Services or MOPAR account, contacts us, or inquires with us about a FCA vehicle. We may also collect personal information from third parties (such as social networks, platform providers, payment processors, data providers, and operators of certain third-party services that we use), as well as automatically collect or derive personal information about your use related to the use of our Websites, Apps, Connected Services, and other Services.
The information we collect varies depending upon the circumstances and the Services you use. In some cases (such as where required by law), we ask for your consent, or give you certain privacy choices as described in this Policy, regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of certain personal information.
Information We Collect Directly. We may collect personal information directly from you, including registration, profile, and subscription information: to access and use certain of our Services (such as a Connected Services or MOPAR account), you must activate, subscribe to, and register for an account by providing us with certain required information, which may include your name, a username, password, email, and other contact information. We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, address, and other contact information; VIN and associated vehicle data; date of purchase; billing information and subscription details and history. We may also ask you or allow you to submit certain additional optional information, which may include your phone number, location, preferences, information about other approved drivers of your vehicle, demographic information, and other profile information.
Information We Collect Directly. We may collect personal information directly from you, including biometric and credentials: you may able to enroll a biometric identifier (e.g., fingerprint or facial recognition) to establish a biometric access credential for access certain features and Services, such as digital key and other Connected Services. (See our FCA Connected Services Privacy Notice for more information.)
Information We Collect Directly. We may collect personal information directly from you, including purchases and payments information: if you purchase products or services from us, such as branded merchandise or parts, whether online or over the phone, we collect information related to your order, which may include name, billing and shipping address, and payment details. We may work with external payment processors and fulfillment partners to process these payments.
Information We Collect Directly. We may collect personal information directly from you, including communications and support: if you contact us by email, mail, phone, chat or otherwise regarding the Services, we collect and maintain a record of your contact details, communications, and our responses. If you call us, we may also record calls and maintain logs and records of those calls.
Information We Collect Directly. We may collect personal information directly from you, including inquiries and requests: we also collect personal information when you submit information to or request information from us (such as request a quote, find a vehicle, or locate a dealer) or sign up for marketing and communications from us (such as related to FCA US product launches, special offers, and upcoming FCA vehicle and product releases). The information we may collect includes your name, contact information, location, vehicle of interest, current vehicle, and other information.
Information We Collect Directly. We may collect personal information directly from you, including survey, events, and promotions: we may also run contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions or participate in certain events (collectively, "Events"), online, and offline. If you choose to participate in an Event, we may ask you for personal information, including your name, age, contact information, vehicle of interest, or other information. Certain Events may be co-branded with one of our partners or run on an external website, such as Facebook. In these instances, the collection of your personal information may occur directly or through an external website. If you respond to surveys or similar requests that we send or sponsor, we will collect and use your survey responses and other information.
Information We Collect Directly. We may collect personal information directly from you, including user content: if you choose to engage in forums, blogs, or similar features offered by us as part of the Services, we may maintain records about the content you post, such as comments, reviews or questions, as well as date and time and other metadata associated with your user content. User content may also be viewable by other visitors and users of the Services.
Information We Collect from Third Parties. We may also collect personal information about you and your vehicle from third parties and other sources, such as fCA dealers: FCA authorized dealers (independently owned and operated businesses) may provide us with purchase, payment, and finance information (when you purchase or lease one of our vehicles from them), information about vehicle maintenance, services, repairs, warranty claims, quality, and customer support, as well as data about prospective buyers.
Information We Collect from Third Parties. We may also collect personal information about you and your vehicle from third parties and other sources, such as third-party data: such as vehicle sales records and motor vehicle records, as well as third-party data providers that provide us with information to update and enhance our customer records and provide us with leads including lists of potential vehicle purchasers, current, or former owners.
Information We Collect from Third Parties. We may also collect personal information about you and your vehicle from third parties and other sources, such as affiliates and partners: including third-party providers of certain features or portions of the Services or Connected Services. Also, if you take advantage of a third party or affiliate offer through the Services, we may receive information from that third party about your interaction with them.
Information We Collect from Third Parties. We may also collect personal information about you and your vehicle from third parties and other sources, such as third-party platforms: such as platform providers and app stores (e.g., through which our Apps are available) and social media platforms. For example, if you post information about us or engage with us or our content on social media and other third-party platforms, we may obtain personal information about you from that third-party platform. These third-party platforms and services control how your personal information is collected, shared, and displayed through their respective platforms. Also, if you log in through or integrate a third-party account (such as Google, Amazon, Apple) with our Services, we may access and obtain certain information from your account (as authorized by you and subject the applicable terms of the third-party platform).
Information Derived or Collected Automatically. We may derive or automatically collect information, including personal information related to you or your use of our Services.
Connected Services: as further set forth in the FCA Connected Services Privacy Notice, we collect and derive personal information through our Connected Services, including information about you and your vehicle, as well as other users of your vehicle and the Services, such as vehicle usage and performance data, driving data, geolocation data, settings and presets, and features and services accessed and used (including third party provided), and other information related to your use of our Connected Services.
Browsing and usage data: we may collect personal information automatically (e.g., via cookies and pixel tags) about how you use and interact with our Services, such as IP address, app identifier, advertising ID, location information, browser type, device type, domain name, the website that led you to our Services, the website to which you go after leaving our Services, the dates and times you access our Services, and the links you click and your other activities within the Services. We may also use pixels in HTML emails to understand if individuals read the emails we send to them. We also may collect geolocation information through our Apps and the Connected Services, or derive your location based upon your device IP address. In addition, we may derive certain insights about you based on this and other personal information we have collected about you.
Other information: we may collect personal information about visitors to our offices and premises, for example, through CCTV and other physical security monitoring. If you call or contact us, we may also maintain call records for quality, training, and support purposes.
We may link this personal information with the other information we have collected about you. For more information, see Section 6. Cookies, Analytics and Targeted Advertising below.
PURPOSES OF USE AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you providing our Services and related support: to provide and maintain our Services; to authenticate users; to perform technical operations, such as updating software; to provide and communicate with you about our Websites, Services, vehicles and other products; to respond to your requests; to administer events that you participate in; to fulfill your orders and process your payments; to provide technical support; and for other customer service and support purposes. 
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you safety, recall, and warranty: for safety, recall, and warranty purposes, such as to send recall notices, process recall and warranty claims, and for other purposes related to vehicle safety.
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you research and analytics: to better understand how users access and use our vehicles and other products and the Services, for other research and analytical purposes, such as to evaluate and improve our Services and business operations, develop new features, products, or services, for quality and training purposes, and to otherwise improve our Services and user experiences.
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you communicating with you: to provide you with the information or services that you have requested (e.g., to provide a quote or to contact you to book a test drive); to communicate with you about your use of our Services; to respond to your inquiries; to administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or user satisfaction purposes; and for other customer service purposes.
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you personalizing content and experiences: to personalize content for you, to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences.
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you advertising, marketing and promotional purposes: to contact you about our products or services or send you newsletters, offers, or other information we think may interest you; to administer promotions and contests; to reach you with more relevant ads; and to measure and improve our advertising and marketing campaigns. 
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you supporting our general business operations: relating to audits and assessments of our business operations, security controls, financial controls, compliance with legal obligation, and otherwise relating to the administration of our general business, accounting, record keeping, and legal functions.
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you planning and implementing business transactions: in order to plan and implement an actual or contemplated merger, acquisition, financing, sale, bankruptcy, or restructuring of all or part our business or assets.
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you securing and protecting our assets and rights: to protect our business operations, secure our network and information technology, assets, and services; to prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities, access, and other misconduct; where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected violations of our Terms and other agreements, as well as fraud, illegal activities, and other situations involving potential threats to the rights or safety of any person or third party. 
While the purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances, in general, FCA collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal information we collect as set forth below or otherwise directed or authorized by you complying with legal obligations: to comply with the law or legal proceedings. For example, we may disclose information in response to subpoenas, court orders, and other lawful requests by regulators and law enforcement, including responding to national security or law enforcement disclosure requirements.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION 
We may disclose personal information for the purposes set out above, in Section 3. Purposes of Use and Processing of Personal Information, such as where reasonably necessary to provide, secure, and improve our products and Services, to reach users with more relevant information and offers, for warranty and safety purposes, to protect our rights and the rights of others, to comply with our legal and regulatory options, to make available third-party offers you may be interested in, to carry out your requests, and as otherwise authorized or directed by you. In accordance with these purposes, personal information may be disclosed to the following type of third parties: affiliates, Vendors, and Providers. We may share or disclose personal information to our vendors and others who we work with to make certain services available, such as: affiliates and subsidiaries: we may share your personal information with our affiliate and subsidiary companies, who may use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose personal information for the purposes set out above, in Section 3. Purposes of Use and Processing of Personal Information, such as where reasonably necessary to provide, secure, and improve our products and Services, to reach users with more relevant information and offers, for warranty and safety purposes, to protect our rights and the rights of others, to comply with our legal and regulatory options, to make available third-party offers you may be interested in, to carry out your requests, and as otherwise authorized or directed by you. In accordance with these purposes, personal information may be disclosed to the following type of third parties: affiliates, Vendors, and Providers. We may share or disclose personal information to our vendors and others who we work with to make certain services available, such as: vendors and service providers: we may disclose personal information to our third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents who process such data in order to provide services to us or to perform functions on our behalf.
We may disclose personal information for the purposes set out above, in Section 3. Purposes of Use and Processing of Personal Information, such as where reasonably necessary to provide, secure, and improve our products and Services, to reach users with more relevant information and offers, for warranty and safety purposes, to protect our rights and the rights of others, to comply with our legal and regulatory options, to make available third-party offers you may be interested in, to carry out your requests, and as otherwise authorized or directed by you. In accordance with these purposes, personal information may be disclosed to the following type of third parties: affiliates, Vendors, and Providers. We may share or disclose personal information to our vendors and others who we work with to make certain services available, such as: third-party services and providers: some of the Services we make available to you may be provided or supported by third parties (e.g., cellular data carriers, navigation and traffic services), who may collect and receive personal information about you as part of their provision of the particular feature, service, or application, or in order to respond to a request you make via the Services. In addition, some of our Websites and other Services may enable you to make purchases from third-party businesses. Any time you order from a third-party business, that business will collect your personal information as part of your order. The use of your personal information by these third-party businesses will be subject to their respective privacy policies and terms, and these third parties may contact you directly, for promotional and transactional purposes.
Dealers and Other Third Parties. We may share personal information with dealers and other select third parties, for marketing, research and analytics purposes.
Dealers: we may share personal information, such as name, contact information, and other data about your vehicles or interests, with our authorized dealers in your area so that they may contact you about your vehicle needs and purchase plans, or otherwise reach out to you for marketing purposes.
Marketing and advertising partners: we may share your personal information with third parties that provide advertising, campaign measurement, analytics, and related services to us. These third parties may receive or access usage data, and other personal information in order to help us better reach individuals with relevant ads and measure our ad campaigns, or to better understand how individuals interact with our Websites and Services.
Programs and offers: we may invite you to participate in co-sponsored or third-party promotional offers and programs. If you choose to participate in one of these programs or third-party offers or indicate your interest in receiving information about the third-party offer, we may share your personal information with that third party to facilitate your request. For example, if you elect to receive information on insurance rates and offers available to you, we may share your information with insurance companies or others so that they may provide you with personalized insurance offers. The use of your personal information by these third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies. For more information on how we share information with respect to the Connected Services, please see the FCA Connected Services Privacy Notice.
Others: we may disclose certain information to select third parties who may use this data for their own research, development, analytics, and marketing purposes, such as to better understand aggregate driving and traffic patterns, update maps and route details, and analyze road conditions, analyze vehicle usage data, driving data, and trip data. We also may share your personal information with certain third parties so that they may send you offers and other information we think you may be interested in.
Please see Section 9. Your Rights and Choices for details on how to opt out of our sharing of your personal information with third parties.
Other Individuals. If you are an owner and you permit another driver to register your vehicle for Connected Services or to otherwise access and use your account, then you acknowledge and agree that such individuals may have access to your account and associated personal information about your vehicles. Further, if you post user content, this may be viewable by other users of the Services.
Business and Operational Purposes. In addition, we may disclose personal information in support of our business and operational purposes, including business transfers: as part of any merger, acquisition, financing, sale of company assets or interests in the respective company, or in the case of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, including during negotiations related to such business transfers.
Business and Operational Purposes. In addition, we may disclose personal information in support of our business and operational purposes, including protecting rights and interests: to protect or defend the safety, rights, property, or security of FCA US, third parties or the general public, including to protect the Services, to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, technical issues, or other activity which we, in our sole discretion, consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity. We may also use personal information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved, and as necessary to enforce this Privacy Policy or our Terms and other applicable agreements with you. If you lease or finance your vehicle through FCA US or any of its affiliates, and you have breached any of the terms in your lease or financing agreement, then FCA US and its affiliates may protect and defend their rights under the agreement by using the Connected Services and location data to locate you or your vehicle for the purpose of communicating with you and recovering your vehicle. YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE CONNECTED SERVICES AND LOCATION TO REPOSESS YOUR VEHICLE.
Business and Operational Purposes. In addition, we may disclose personal information in support of our business and operational purposes, including complying with legal obligations: to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including as part of a judicial proceeding, in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order or other legal process, or as part of an investigation of or request by law enforcement or a government official.
AGGREGATE AND NON-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION 
We may collect, use, and disclose aggregate, anonymous, and other non-identifiable data about users for marketing, advertising, research, compliance, or other purposes. Where we use, disclose, or process de-identified data (data that is no longer reasonably linked or linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person, household, or personal device), we will maintain and use the information in de-identified form and not to attempt to reidentify the information, except as permitted by applicable privacy laws (such as to confirm whether our de-identification processes are reasonable and adequate).
COOKIES, ANALYTICS AND TARGETED ADVERTISING
We and our third-party providers use cookies, clear GIFs/pixel tags, JavaScript, local storage, log files, and other mechanisms in connection with our Websites, Apps, and other Services, in order to, for example, understand how our Services are used, track bugs and errors, provide operate, enable and improve our Services, verify account credentials, enable logins, track sessions, personalize content, prevent fraud, and protect and secure our Services, as well as for targeted marketing, advertising, and analytics purposes. 
Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities while using our Services. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Some of the Services may not work properly if you disable cookies.
Clear GIFs. Clear GIFs (also referred to as pixel tags and web beacons) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer's hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs in connection with our Services and our marketing and advertising campaigns to, among other things, track the activities users of our Services, help us manage content, compile usage reports, and to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Third-Party Analytics. Some of the analytics tools we use may be provided by third-party analytics companies. For example, we use Google Analytics (more info: privacy and opt-out) to evaluate use of our Websites and Services, and to help us understand and improve our Services and our marketing and advertising campaigns. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects, to perform their services.
Targeted Advertising. We may work with third-party ad networks, channel partners, measurement services, and others ("third-party ad companies") to personalize content and advertising on our Services, and to manage our advertising on third-party sites, mobile apps, and online services. We and these third-party ad companies may use cookies, pixels tags, and other tools to collect activity information, IP address, device ID, advertising IDs, and other identifiers, and location information within our Services (as well as on third-party sites and services). We and these third-party ad companies use this information to provide you more relevant ads and content within our Services and on third-party sites and services, as well as to improve and evaluate the success of such ads and content. 
We also may share certain customer list information (such as your email address) with third-party ad companies so that we can better target these customers and others with similar interests on third-party sites and platforms.
Preferences. You can review or change ]