[Privacy policy
Last Updated: 17 April 2024
Introduction
Edikted LLC (collectively, "Edikted," "we," "our," or "us") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This Privacy Notice (our "Privacy Notice") describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website, website_url_lnk and its associated subdomains (the "Website"), as well as our mobile application (the "App," together with the Website, the "Service"), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. 
This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect through your use of our Service.
This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect in email, text, and other communications between you and us.
This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect when you contact us or otherwise submit information to us, whether by telephone, via email or through other means; 
This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Privacy Notice; and
This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect from third parties.
It does not apply to information collected by us offline (such as when you purchase our products in department and specialty stores) or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Edikted or a third-party (including our parent, subsidiaries, and other affiliates); 
It does not apply to information collected by us or any of our affiliates or subsidiaries related to your or any other individual's employment or potential employment with us; or 
It does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to the Website or App.
IT IS OUR POLICY TO COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE PRIVACY LAWS, SO OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES MAY VARY DEPENDING ON WHERE YOU LIVE. PLEASE SEE THE JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU DEPENDING ON WHERE YOU LIVE.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Service. By accessing or using our Service, you agree to this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Notice). Your continued use of our Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Notice periodically for updates. 
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
Throughout this Privacy Notice, the term "Personal Data" means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. However, Personal Data does not include any deidentified or aggregated information. 
General
We collect Personal Data directly from you when you provide it to us.
We collect Personal Data automatically as you navigate through our Website and App; 
We collect Personal Data that we create about you as you use our Service; and
We collect Personal Data from third parties.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect the following types of Personal Data directly from you when you access or use our Service: name, postal address (including billing and shipping address), email address, telephone number (including mobile number), age, date of birth, and order details (such as size, color, and style preferences). 
In addition, we also collect other types of information that you may provide through your use of the Service, such as when you fill out a form (such as via our online chat function), sign up for an account, or communicate with us. This includes: information provided at the time of requesting information about our products and services, making a general inquiry, answering questionnaires or surveys, entering a contest or promotion sponsored by us, or interacting with a chat bot via the Service; records and copies of your correspondence (including email), if you contact us; and details of transactions you carry out through your use of the Service and of the fulfillment of your orders. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Service.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
We may also use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain Personal Data about your interaction with our Service. This can include information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, such as details of your use of the Service, including browsing history, search history, traffic data, location data (which may be used to locate the city and state that you are in but cannot be used to precisely locate you), log file information, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit, error information, links clicked, and other communication data and the resources that you access, use, or otherwise interact with when using our Service; and
We may also use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain Personal Data about your interaction with our Service. This can include information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, such as information about your computer, mobile device (and related network information), and Internet connection, such as your IP address, operating system, browser type, device ID, and advertising ID.
Other information we collect automatically includes Personal Data, or we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Data we collect in other ways. It helps us to improve our Service and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to: estimate our audience size and usage patterns; store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize how our Service appears to you according to your individual interests; speed up your searches; identify areas for improvement and further engagement; and recognize you when you return to use our Service.
This information may be collected through the use of cookies (or browser or mobile cookies), which are small data files placed on your computer or mobile device that allow us to collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with our Website or App. Some of these cookies are managed by us (first-party cookies), while others are managed by third parties that we do not control (third-party cookies). These small data files serve various functions strictly Necessary: Necessary to provide you with services available through our Website and App and to use some of their features, such as access to secure areas. Because these cookies are essential to deliver our Website and App and their respective contents and functionality to you, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our Website and App function.
This information may be collected through the use of cookies (or browser or mobile cookies), which are small data files placed on your computer or mobile device that allow us to collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with our Website or App. Some of these cookies are managed by us (first-party cookies), while others are managed by third parties that we do not control (third-party cookies). These small data files serve various functions performance and Functionality: Enhance the performance and functionality of our Website and App but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
This information may be collected through the use of cookies (or browser or mobile cookies), which are small data files placed on your computer or mobile device that allow us to collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with our Website or App. Some of these cookies are managed by us (first-party cookies), while others are managed by third parties that we do not control (third-party cookies). These small data files serve various functions analytics and Customization: Allow us to understand the effectiveness of our services and marketing campaigns, as well as to customize our services based on this information.
This information may be collected through the use of cookies (or browser or mobile cookies), which are small data files placed on your computer or mobile device that allow us to collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with our Website or App. Some of these cookies are managed by us (first-party cookies), while others are managed by third parties that we do not control (third-party cookies). These small data files serve various functions advertising: Make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our Website or App are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, analytics providers, social media companies, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our Service. The information they collect may be associated with your Personal Data or they may collect information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content. 
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Information We Create About You
We may also create certain information about you. When we associate this information with other Personal Data about you, we consider this information to be Personal Data. This information includes information associated with your account with us (if one exists), as well as records of products or goods purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may collect in the future Personal Data from third parties. If and when we will associate this information with other Personal Data about you, we consider this information to be Personal Data. In addition, we may also collect other types of information that you may provide to these third parties when you fill out a form or application on their websites or via webpages expressly governed by their privacy policies. 
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to provide and personalize our Service and their content to you.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to enable you to participate in the interactive features of our Service.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us (such as through newsletters and other similar communications that we send to you).
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to support, develop, troubleshoot, and debug our products and Service.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to maintain, customize, and secure your account with us (such as to provide you with notices about your account).
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and to prevent transactional fraud.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to administer surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, and other contests.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to advertise or market our products and services to you (such as through newsletters and other similar communications that we send to you).
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, App, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to measure and report on the delivery of advertisements, including counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to monitor the performance of our Service, including metrics such as total number of visitors, and traffic.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Service, products, databases and other technology assets, and business.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data for internal testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Service, and to develop, improve, or demonstrate our products and Service.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to detect security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Edikted's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Edikted about the users of our Service is among the assets transferred; 
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to notify you about changes to our Website or App or any products we offer or provide though them.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Disclosure of Your Information 
We do not sell, share, or disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Notice, including any applicable jurisdiction-specific addendum appended to this Privacy Notice. However, we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. 
We also may disclose Personal Data that we collect or create about you or that you provide us as described in this Privacy Notice to our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates.
We also may disclose Personal Data that we collect or create about you or that you provide us as described in this Privacy Notice to business partners and social media companies.
We also may disclose Personal Data that we collect or create about you or that you provide us as described in this Privacy Notice to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and provide services to us, such as processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services (e.g., advertisers and ad networks), and providing analytic and behavioral advertising services (e.g., internet cookie information recipients, such as analytics and behavioral advertising services).
We also may disclose Personal Data that we collect or create about you or that you provide us as described in this Privacy Notice to a potential or actual buyer or other successor in the event of a planned or actual merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Edikted's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Edikted about our Website and App users is among the assets transferred.
We also may disclose Personal Data that we collect or create about you or that you provide us as described in this Privacy Notice to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
We also may disclose Personal Data that we collect or create about you or that you provide us as described in this Privacy Notice for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and
We also may disclose Personal Data that we collect or create about you or that you provide us as described in this Privacy Notice with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
We may also disclose your Personal Data to comply with: federal, state, or local laws, or to comply with a court order or subpoena to provide information; civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities; and certain government agency requests for emergency access to your Personal Data if you are at risk or danger of death or serious physical injury.
We may also disclose your Personal Data to cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activities that we (or one of our service providers') believe may violate federal, state, or local law; 
We may also disclose your Personal Data to exercise or defend legal claims, and to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and/or
We may also disclose your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Edikted, our customers, or others. 
We do not control the collection and use of your information collected by third parties described above. When possible, these organizations are under contractual obligations to use this data only for providing services to us and to maintain this information strictly confidential. These third parties may, however, aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own purposes. 
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
In addition, we strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to us and have created mechanisms to provide you with control over your Personal Data tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser or device to refuse all or some cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Website or App may then be inaccessible or not function properly. You can find more information about cookies at website_url_lnk
As noted above, we do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights and options from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on its website (website_url_lnk and from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance on its website (website_url_lnk 
Push Notifications. We may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can elect to stop receiving those messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Promotional Offers from Edikted (Email). We may also use your information to contact you about our products that may be of interest to you (with your consent, if required by law). If you do not wish to have your email address used by us to promote our own products, you can opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email or other marketing communication you receive from us. This opt-out does not apply to information provided to Edikted as a result of a product or service experience, purchase, or other transaction.
SMS/Text Communications. When you opt-in to receive SMS and text communications from us, you consent to receive communications from or on behalf of Edikted via SMS, text message, or other electronic means using an automatic telephone dialing system. To participate in this service, you are required to provide a mobile phone number. For more information regarding our SMS communications, including how to opt-out of receiving these communications, see our SMS Terms of Use. 
We may share the mobile phone number you provided to us when you opted-in to receiving SMS communication with service providers who support these services, but we will not share your mobile phone number with third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent. Text messages are distributed via third party mobile network providers and, therefore, we cannot control certain factors relating to message delivery. Depending on the recipient's mobile carrier, it may not be possible to transmit the text message to the recipient successfully; nor is content available on all carriers. We do not claim or guarantee availability or performance of this service, including liability for transmission delays or message failures.
Other Rights and Disclosures
General
In addition to the choices made available to you with regard to the Personal Data that you provide to us, you can correct or update certain Personal Data that we have collected about you by logging into the Website or App and visiting your account profile page. You may also notify us through the Contact Information below of errors or changes in any Personal Data we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible. We cannot delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete your Personal Data if we believe the change or deletion would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Jurisdiction-Specific Privacy Rights and Disclosures
The law in some jurisdictions may provide you with additional rights and disclosures regarding our processing of Personal Data. To learn more about our processing activities and any additional privacy rights with respect to such data that may be applicable to you as a resident of one of these jurisdictions, please see the privacy addendum for your jurisdiction that is summarized below and attached to this Privacy Notice.
For Residents of California: Please refer to our California Privacy Addendum.
For Residents of the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United Kingdom ("UK"): Please refer to our GDPR Privacy Addendum.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website or within our App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. 
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to through our Website or App. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures deployed on our Website or App.
Do Not Track
Some web browsers permit you to broadcast a signal to websites and online services indicating a preference that they "do not track" your online activities. However, there is no accepted standard for how a website or online service should respond to this signal and, at this time, we do not take any action in response to such a signal.
Third-Party Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or services. The privacy practices of these third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, are subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we suggest you review. 
Children Under the Age of 18
Our Service is not intended for children under 18 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information through our Service including, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information directly from a child under 18, please contact us at privacy@edikted.com. 
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice at any time. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Notice on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' Personal Data, we will notify you by email to the email address we have on file for you, through a notice on the home page of our App and Website, or by using a similar method. The date this Privacy Notice was last updated is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website, App, and this Privacy Notice to check for any changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints, or suggestions regarding our Privacy Notice or the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data described in this Privacy Notice, have any requests related to your Personal Data pursuant to applicable laws, or otherwise need to contact us, you may contact us at the contact information below or through the "Contact Us" page on our Website and App. 
Edikted LLC
The New Mart
127 E. 9th Street, Suite 801
Los Angeles, CA 90015
privacy@edikted.com
California Privacy Addendum
Last Updated: 17 April 2024
Introduction
This Privacy Notice Addendum for California Residents (the "California Privacy Addendum") supplements the information contained in Edikted's Privacy Notice and applies solely to all visitors, users, customers, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the "CPRA"), and any terms defined in the CPRA have the same meaning when used in this notice. 
Scope of this California Privacy Addendum
This California Privacy Addendum applies to information that we collect through your use of our Service that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household ("Personal Information"). However, publicly available information that we collect from government records and deidentified or aggregated information (when deidentified or aggregated as described in the CPRA) are not considered Personal Information and this California Privacy Addendum does not apply to such information. This California Privacy Addendum also does not apply to certain Personal Information that is excluded from the scope of the CPRA.
This California Privacy Notice does not apply to employment-related personal information collected from our California-based employees, job applicants, independent contractors, or similar individuals (collectively, "Personnel"). Please contact us at the Contact Information below or your local human resources department if you are part of our California Personnel and would like additional information about how we process your Personal Information.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect, and over the prior 12 months have collected, the following categories of Personal Information: category
Applicable Pieces of Personal Information Collected 
Identifiers
A name; postal address; email address; telephone number; online identifier; IP address; account name; account number; and other similar identifiers. 
Personal information in the California Customer Records law (Cal. Civ. Code ยง 1798.80(e))
A name; address; and telephone number.
NOTE: Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories. 
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Gender 
Commercial information
Information about a consumer's purchase, including them item purchased, price of the items, and the payment method used; records of products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. 
Internet or other electronic network activity ("Internet or Network Activity") information
Browsing history; search history; and information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. 
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Information without providing you notice. As further described below, we may "sell" for valuable, non-monetary consideration and "share" for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes the following categories of your Personal Information to advertisers, ad networks, behavioral advertising companies, and internet cookie recipients (e.g., analytics companies): Identifiers and Internet or Network Activity information (for more details, see "Sale of Your Personal Information" and "Sharing of Your Personal Information," below).
Sources of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information about you from the same sources described in our Privacy Notice. 
Purposes for Our Collection of Your Personal Information
In the preceding 12 months, we have only used your Personal Information for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice. We will not use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Disclosures of Personal Information
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding 12 months, Edikted has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for one or more of the business purposes described below to the following categories of third parties: personal Information Category
Categories of Third-Party Recipients 
Identifiers
Service providers; advertisers and ad networks; business partners; affiliates, parents, and subsidiary organizations of Edikted; social media companies; Internet cookie information recipients, such as analytics and behavioral advertising services; and government entities 
Personal information in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code ยง 1798.80(e))
Service providers; affiliates, parents, and subsidiary organizations of Edikted 
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
N/A 
Commercial information
Service providers; advertisers and ad networks; business partners; affiliat]