[EXPRESS PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: November 19, 2024
Welcome to Express! In this Privacy Policy (the "Policy"), "Express", "we", or "our" refers to RETAIL PHOENIX, LLC d/b/a Express, Express Factory Outlet, and our affiliated companies. Your use of our websites website_url_lnk or website_url_lnk including our mobile websites, programs and applications (collectively, the "Site"), is subject to the terms of this Policy.
PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU CONTINUE. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE OR USING ANY OF ITS FEATURES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY AND ARE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY IN THEIR ENTIRETY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE REDIRECT YOUR BROWSER AND EXIT THE WEBSITE.
Overview and Scope
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personal information collected about you and other visitors (collectively, "Users") to our Site ("User Information"). We are committed to ensuring that your privacy and User Information is protected.
This Policy discloses our practices regarding how we collect, use and share personal information at our stores, on our Site, through our email and mobile alert programs, through other interactions with our customers and Users, as well as what information we may collect through any third-party applications or third-party sites, social networks, or social media sites (collectively, "Applications"). This Policy applies to your use of the Site, regardless of how you access or use it (the "Services"). For certain Services, there may be additional notices about information practices and choices. Please read those additional privacy disclosures to understand how they apply to you. This Policy also describes your choices and rights regarding the use, access, and correction or deletion of your User Information. By visiting and using our Site, you consent to the use of your User Information in accordance with this Policy. When accessing and using the Site, you may be asked to provide clear and unequivocal affirmative consent to the collection, processing, and sharing of your User Information via opt-in procedures.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your User Information and how we will treat it. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to the terms of this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time and your continued use of this Site means that you are consenting to be bound by the most recently updated version of this Policy. The disclosures contained herein serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act and other applicable data privacy regulations.
Our Terms and Conditions
In addition to this Policy, the collection and use of your personally identifiable information obtained by us from this Site is subject to our Terms and Conditions , which you can access and review here: website_url_lnk By visiting or otherwise using the Site and our Services, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and consent to our data processing activities as described in this Policy, and any additional privacy statements that may be posted on an applicable part of the Site or in connection with receiving our Services. If you do not agree and consent, please discontinue use of the Site and our Services.
For more information regarding your use of the Site and our Services, and our use of your information, please see our Terms and Conditions.
Data Collection: Information We Collect
We collect User Information when you use our Site. Sometimes you may submit it to us yourself, other times it may be collected automatically. For example, Express collects information when you use or register for our Services, participate in our program, subscribe to notifications, post on the Site, participate in promotional activities, contact us via Express Chat, or communicate or transact through the Site. We also collect User Information that third parties share with us if such third parties have received your consent to do so. Our handling of your User Information is generally limited to processing orders, addressing any issues with user accounts, facilitating email and SMS communications, and handling general inquiries. You are not required to provide Express the personal information that we request, but if you choose not to do so, we may not be able to provide you with our services, or respond to any inquiries you may have. We are the sole owner of information collected on the Site.
As detailed below, the type or category of User Information collected may vary based on how it was gathered. We collect several types of information from and about Users of the Site, including Personal Information: We may collect personally identifiable information by which you may be personally identified such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, billing information, any other identifier by which you may be contacted, and any other information that you voluntarily submit (e.g., when you submit information via our 'Contact Us', 'Express Insider' or 'Mailing List' forms). In general, your personally identifiable information means any User Information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you, your household, or your devices ("PII"). It does not include publicly available information from government records; de-identified or aggregate information; or certain other personal data protected by other sector-specific state or federal law. We may collect PII from you when you complete forms navigate web pages, create an Express Insider account, order products, request information, provide us with information, and in connection with other activities, programs, features, or resources we make available on the Site.
All personal information that you voluntarily provide to use must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information. You always have the option not to provide the information we request. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit the Site, but you may be required to provide your information by other means if we need such information to provide our services to you. You may contact us in accordance with Section 19 to review and change your User Information. Deleting your personal information may result in the deletion of your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. Please review Section 10 concerning Your Privacy Rights and Considerations for more information concerning your rights regarding our collection and use of your User Information.
Categories of Personal Information. The type of PII we may collect, use, store, and disclose include the following categories of information for the following purposes: category of PII
Examples of PII Collected
Sources of PII
Purpose for PII Collection 
Contact Information and Identifiers
Name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, social media handle, Internet Protocol address, email address, Social Security number, date of birth, driver's license number, or other similar identifiers.
We collect this information from you directly, receive it from third parties or collect it automatically from your device or browser. Your Social Security number and driver's license number are only collected from you if you apply for the Express Credit Card. (NOTE: All information contained in this Policy regarding the Express Credit Card is subject to change).
Your name, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address and email address are used to process and ship orders, to send you marketing or transactional communications, to provide customer service, to manage our loyalty program, to provide advertising or marketing content, to run sweepstakes or other promotional activities, to prevent fraud or illegal activity or other security purposes, to understand our customers and for legal compliance. Your Social Security number and driver's license number may be used in connection with an application for the Express Credit Card. 
Customer Records and Financial Information
Name, signature, Social Security number, address, telephone number, driver's license or state identification card number, bank account number, credit card and debit card numbers and related information such as expiration date and security code. 
We collect this information from you directly. Your signature is only collected in connection with a transaction requiring a signature. Your Social Security number and driver's license number are only collected from you in connection with an application for the Express Credit Card.
Your name, address, and telephone number are used to process and ship orders, to send you marketing or transactional communications, to provide customer service, to manage our loyalty program, to provide advertising or marketing content, to run sweepstakes or other promotional activities, to prevent fraud or illegal activity or other security purposes, to understand our customers and for legal compliance. Your signature is used to process orders and prevent fraud or illegal activity. Your Social Security number, driver's license number, and identification card number may be used in connection with an application for the Express Credit Card. Your bank account number, credit card number, debit card number or other financial information are used to process orders. 
Protected characteristics
Age, marital status, physical or mental disability, gender information, or veteran or military status.
We collect this information from you directly, receive it from third parties, or derive it from your browsing or purchase history. Your disability information is only collected from you if you make a request for a disability-related accommodation. Your gender information may be collected directly from you or derived from your browsing or purchase history. 
Your age, marital status, and gender information are used to improve products and services, to provide advertising or marketing content and to understand our customers. Your disability information is used only to provide requested accommodation and accessibility services and legal compliance. Your veteran or military status is used to provide discounts or facilitate shipping. 
Commercial information
Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
We collect this information from you directly, receive it from third parties, or collect it automatically from your device or browser.
Your purchasing history is used to improve products and services, to send you marketing or transactional communications, to provide customer service, to manage our loyalty program, to provide advertising or marketing content on behalf of Express, Express affiliates, or other third parties, to run sweepstakes or other promotional activities, to prevent fraud or illegal activity or other security purposes, to understand our customers and for legal compliance. 
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website (including clicks, scrolls, mouse movements, and site visits), application, or advertisement.
We collect this information from you directly, receive it from third parties, or collect it automatically from your device or browser.
Your browsing, searching and interaction history is used to improve products and services, to send you marketing or transactional communications, to provide customer service, to manage our loyalty program, to provide advertising or marketing content, to understand our customers, to prevent fraud or illegal activity or other security purposes, to understand our customers and for legal compliance. 
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
We collect this information from you directly or collect it automatically from your device or browser.
Your physical location is used to improve products and services, to provide advertising or marketing content, and to understand our customers. You may disable our use of certain internet identifiers and activities through you device or browser settings. 
Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, or similar information.
We collect this information from our in-store camera systems.
Your sensory data is used to improve products and services, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity or other security purposes and for legal compliance. 
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior or attitudes.
We collect this information from you directly, receive it from third parties, or derive it from your browsing or purchase history.
Your profile is used to improve products and services, to provide customer service, to manage our loyalty program, to provide advertising or marketing content, to run sweepstakes or other promotional activities, to prevent fraud or illegal activity or other security purposes, to understand our customers and for legal compliance. 
Deidentified Information: We may collect deidentified information from you that may not by itself reasonably identify you as the source when you navigate the Site (e.g., the content you choose to view and how you interact with it), and information about you that third parties may share with us if such third parties have previously received your consent to do so ("Deidentified Information"). This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include: device type, name, country and location device operating system, internet browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, clickstream information, Internet Protocol address, language preferences, referring URLs, and information about how and when you use technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Site, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. We will take reasonable measures to ensure that Deidentified Information we collect is not personally identifiable and may not later be easily used to identify you as required by applicable law.
NOTICE: This Site, and we, may sell or share your sensitive personal data. However, Express does not currently collect or process any data on the Site regarding the following: political opinions; religious or philosophical beliefs; trade union memberships; genetic or biometric data; health or mortality; or sexual orientation. To limit the processing of your sensitive personal information, please contact us in accordance with Section 19.
Data Collection: How We Collect Information
The information we collect depends on what Users do when they visit or utilize the Site, We collect PII and Deidentified Information in various ways, including Directly from You: We collect PII when you voluntarily submit PII to us while completing forms on the Site and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on the Site. The PII we collect depends on what you do when you visit or utilize the Site or how you choose to communicate with us.
The information we collect depends on what Users do when they visit or utilize the Site, We collect PII and Deidentified Information in various ways, including Through Your Use of the Site: We may collect PII and Deidentified Information that your browser transmits when you visit the Site. We may also collect Deidentified Information about how you access and interact with the Site through the use of automated tracking technologies, such as session cookies, persistent cookies, pixels, and web beacons. This Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of collected Deidentified Information. We reserve the right to collect, use, and disclose such Deidentified Information to our partners, advertisers, and other third parties at our sole discretion.
Cookies and Similar Tools. Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to an internet browser, which enables the Site to remember and customize your subsequent visits. We may use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site. Session cookies expire when you close your browser. We may also use persistent cookies to track and target your interests to enhance your experience on the Site. Persistent cookies remain on your device for an extended period of time. We and our partners may use cookies and similar technologies on the Site to personalize and optimize your browsing experience by: providing you tailored content; enabling social media features; safeguarding against spam and malware; analyzing trends, traffic, and user behavior; administering the Site; gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole; tracking web and advertising analytics throughout the Site; remembering preferences and voluntarily-submitted information (e.g. name, email, login credentials); performing location-related functionalities and analytics; participating in market research (e.g., website ratings); and educating Express about how the Site can continue to be improved. Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies. However, you can instruct your internet browser to block cookies or to provide you with a warning prompt before you accept cookies from the Site. Please refer to your internet browser's instructions to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, the functionality of the Site may be limited and you may not be able to participate in several of the Site's features.
Web Beacons and Pixels. Additionally, we may use web beacons, which are single-pixel, electronic images embedded in the Site that allow us to gather information about your browsing activities on the Site, recognize users, assess traffic patterns, identify preferred content, and measure Site engagement. Some of these web beacons may also be placed by third-party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. These web beacons may be used by third-party service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain web pages and compiles anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our third-party service providers to learn which advertisements bring you to our website and how you use the Site.
Log Files. Our servers log information about your IP address, your browser type, and the current URL you are requesting. This information is always provided by your browser and automatically logged. These log files are stored in a secure location and used in our internal analysis of traffic patterns.
Do-Not-Track Notice. Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will comply with such standard, and will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Policy.
Tracking Technologies and Ads. Some app-related tracking technologies in connection with non-browser usage (e.g., most functionality of a mobile app) can only be disabled by uninstalling the app. To uninstall an app, follow the instructions from your operating system or handset manufacturer. Apple and Google mobile device settings have settings to limit ad tracking, and other tracking, but these may not be completely effective.
In addition, we may serve ads on Third-Party Services that are targeted to reach people on those services that are also identified on one of more of our data bases ("Matched List Ads"). This is done by using tracking technologies or by matching common factors between our data bases and the data bases of the Third-Party Services. For instance, we may use such ad services offered by Facebook or X.com (formerly, Twitter) and other Third-Party Services. We are not responsible for these Third-Party Services, including without limitation their security of the data. You may review and adjust your ad options directly through your account settings on Third-Party Services such as Facebook or X.com. We are not responsible for such third parties' failure to comply with your or our opt-out instructions, they may not give us notice of opt-outs to our ads that you give to them, and they may change their options without notice to us or you.
Learn More About Cookies and Tracking Technologies on our About Ads page.
From Third-Party Vendors and Services: We may collect PII about you from third parties whose privacy practices may differ from the practices described in this Policy. We do not make any representations or warranties concerning, and will not in any way be liable for, any informational content, products, services, software, or other materials available through third parties. Your use of third parties' services and third party websites is governed by and subject to the terms and conditions of those third parties and third party websites. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies and statements of such third parties and third party websites.
Analytics. Services providing analytic tools ("Analytic Services"), including without limitation Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics or other vendors for analytics services, may be used with the Site, which transmits website traffic data to servers in the United States. Analytic Services do not collect personal information, identify individual users, or associate your IP address with any other data. We do not share any PII with our Analytic Services in connection with their performing of any services on our Site. Each of these services has their own privacy policy that you should refer to. We use reports provided by Analytic Services to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. We collect non-identifying information, such as IP addresses, operating systems, links clicked, pages visited, browser type, time zone setting, browser plug-in types, and referring websites of visitors to our Sites. This information is collected for statistical analysis purposes, such as to determine web-traffic trends and the effectiveness of our partnerships with other websites, and to maintain the security and operation of our Site. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to Google's opt-out page or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Adobe Analytics by going to Adobe's opt-out page.
Payment Processing. We may collect limited payment data through the Site, or we may enlist third-party service providers to collect and process payment data on our behalf. We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI-DSS") when handling credit card data and engaging with third-party service providers that process payment data on our behalf. Express currently accepts VISA, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express credit cards as authorized payment methods for product orders. All payment transactions are processed by our third-party payment processor in adherence to PCI-DSS, and other applicable standards. Express at its sole election may discontinue support for any payment method or it may support additional payment methods (i.e., Apple Pay, Google Wallet, or Amazon Payments) and we will update this Policy accordingly.
Marketing Servicers. Express may engage and work with vendors and other third parties who combine information we provide with your mailing address in order to provide marketing offers via direct mail. You may opt-out of such disclosure by submitting our online opt-out request form. Data obtained by Express from a third party, even in association with the Site, is not subject to Express's limitations regarding User Information under this Policy, however such data remains subject to any restrictions imposed on Express by the third party, if any. Otherwise, the information collected, stored, and shared by third parties remains subject to their privacy policies and practices, including whether they continue to share information with Express, the types of information shared, and your choices on what is visible to others on Third-Party Services. Please review the privacy policies of any such third-parties for more information concerning the processing of your User Information. See Section 6 below for more information concerning the third-party vendors we may engage to process your User Information. 
Data Collection: Disclosures Regarding Use of Third-Party Tracking Tools and Technologies
Our Use of Tracking Technologies
To promote transparency in our data collection and use practices, we are providing this disclosure to inform you that we may use third-party tracking tools and technologies, such as without limitation, the Meta Pixel, Google Analytics and similar technologies from Third-Party Services, to help improve our Site and provide you with a more personalized experience. Our use of such technologies only involves your De-Identified Data, meaning we do not share any of your PII via such Third-Party Services.
As discussed in Section 4 above, pixels or web beacons, including the Meta Pixel, are small pieces of code that we may place on our Site. These pixels allow us to track user activity, such as pages visited or actions taken. We may use this information to help us better understand User behavior and deliver targeted advertisements to Users, via our Site and Third-Party Services. In addition to pixels, we also use other third-party Analytics Services such as Google Analytics (See Section 4(c) above for more information). These services help us gather data on user interactions with our Site, including how long Users stay on certain pages, what links they click, and other behavioral metrics. This data helps use improve the functionality, performance, and design or our Site.
How We Use Your Data Obtained Via Tracking Technologies
Personalization: Pixels and Analytics Services help us tailor content and advertisements to better match your interests. For example, if you browse certain product categories, you may begin to see ads for similar products on Meta platforms like Facebook or Google.
Performance Optimization: We may use data from Analytics Services like Google Analytics to identify technical issues, such as slow-loading pages, and to make improvements to enhance your overall User experience.
Marketing Campaign Effectiveness: We may analyze how our campaigns perform by tracking when you interact with our ads, whether your purchase a product, or sign up for our services after seeing an advertisement.
Your Control Over Your Privacy
We understand that privacy is important to you. In addition to your other rights and privacy choices as outlined in this Policy, we've provided you with the following information to assist with any choice to opt-out of certain tracking activities.
Meta Advertising: You can adjust your privacy settings on Meta platforms to control how your activity across websites, including our Site, is used for advertising purposes by visiting Meta's settings concerning ad preferences.
Google Analytics: You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On as mentioned in Section 4(c).
Cookie Preferences: You can manage cookie preferences, including disabling non-essential cookies, by adjusting your browser settings.
Data Sharing and Retention
As further discussed in Section 7 below, we do not sell your personal data to third parties. However, we may share anonymized or De-Identified Data with Third-Party Services, including Meta, Google, and other analytics providers as part of our use of their services. In cases where we may collect your PII, we may only share such data with service providers under strict confidentiality agreements, and it shall be used solely to provide services on our behalf. No PII is shared with Third-Party Services without your explicit consent. This data helps improve our marketing efforts but cannot be traced back to you individually. We retain collected data for the periods specified by Meta, Google, and other service providers, in line with their policies, which we encourage you to review for further information.
If you have any questions of concerns about how we use tracking technologies or other Third-Party Services, or if you want to exercise any of your data rights, please contact using the information provided in Section 19. We may update this disclosure from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or legal requirements. Please check this page periodically for updates.
Data Usage: How We Use Your Information
We collect, process, and disclose your User Information only for specific and limited purposes. Our primary goal in collecting, using, and sharing User Information is to provide you with our services, enhance your experience on the Site, support the Site, and improve its features, performance, and other elements. We will not use your User Information without a valid legal basis to do so, and we will only process your User Information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected and authorized. Express will not process your User Information without a lawful basis to do so. In general, Express will process your User Information on any of the following legal bases: consent, We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests, We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract, Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations, We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a subpoena or in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital Interests, We may disclose your information where we believe the processing is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those vital interests of another natural person. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Business Transfers, We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We collect and use your User Information on the foregoing legal bases for the purposes mentioned below in this Policy, as amended. Where appropriate, we will ask for your consent to process your user information. When you have given consent for processing activities, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The lawful business purposes for which we use User Information include Providing and Improving our Services: We may use your User Information to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For instance, to respond to general inquiries and to provide customer support when needed. Additionally, your User Information may be used to present the Site and its content to you, request feedback, and for any other purpose with your consent. You may contact us to update your communication preferences.
We collect and use your User Information on the foregoing legal bases for the purposes mentioned below in this Policy, as amended. Where appropriate, we will ask for your consent to process your user inform]