[Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Policy
Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Notice, Sales
Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Notice, After Sales
Ferrari North America Inc. Privacy Policy
Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Policy
In compliance with applicable privacy laws, including the EU Regulation no. 2016/679 ("GDPR") and the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the "CCPA"), this Privacy Policy describes how Ferrari S.p. A ("Ferrari", "we", "us", "our") collects your personal data, how Ferrari uses this personal data, with whom Ferrari share your personal data, and your choices in connection with this.
01
APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to personal data Ferrari collects through websites owned and operated by Ferrari, the MyFerrari mobile application, and official Ferrari dealer websites (collectively, the "Websites").
02
CONTROLLER AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
The data controller is Ferrari S.p. A., with registered office at Via Emilia Est, N. 1163, Modena, Italy. You can contact the Ferrari's Data Protection Officer by email at: privacy2@ferrari.com.
03
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect personal data, which is information that identifies you or relates to you as an identifiable individual.
Information You Provide To Us
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you apply for employment. When you apply for employment with Ferrari, we collect your identifiers (name, email address, physical address, and telephone number), and your professional or employment information (resume, cover letter, employment history, and educational history). We use this personal data to manage and consider your application with Ferrari, as necessary to comply with the law, and to create your candidate account. Once your candidate account is created, we will also store your username and password. The legal basis for this processing is that the processing is necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request, before entering a contract (Art. 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). Ferrari also processes this personal data as part of its legitimate interest in the facilitation and optimization of the recruitment process (Article 6, par. 1, let. f of the GDPR). For more information, please consult the specific privacy policy in the Careers section of this Website.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you contact us. When you send Ferrari a question or inquiry, or ask for other support, you will need to provide us with personal identifiers (name and email address), protected classifications (gender), and any other information you choose to provide in your correspondence. We use this personal data to respond to your questions or inquiries, troubleshoot where necessary, and address any issues you have with the Websites or the services offered thereon. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR).
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you download the MyFerrari mobile application and access to the MyFerrari web account. When you download the MyFerrari mobile application and you sign in your MyFerrari web account, you will need to activate your account. To do so, we will collect your personal identifiers (name and email address). Once your account is activated, we will store your password. We use this personal data to activate your account and confirm your registration as a Ferrari owner. In the event of any malfunctions and upon your express request, your user profile can be accessed and used by us exclusively to support you in resolving any technical criticality detected. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). For more information on data processing via the MyFerrari app, please consult the specific privacy policy on the app.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you report a violation of Ferrari's Code of Conduct. Ferrari provides an online platform "Ethics Helpline" as well as a dedicated e-mail address for individuals to request advice and report concerns that may be inconsistent with Ferrari's Code of Conduct. If you request advice and report a concern, we will collect your personal identifiers (e.g. name, telephone number, and email address) and any additional information you choose to disclose in your correspondence. We use this personal data to assess, investigate, and resolve your report and to comply with the law. The legal basis for this processing is a legal obligation to establish a corporate reporting channel to which Ferrari is subject (Article 6, par. 1, let. c of the GDPR). For more information on data processing, please consult the specific privacy policy on the Ethics Helpline platform.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you register as an owner. If you register as a Ferrari owner, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, date of birth, and physical address), protected classifications (gender), professional or employment information (your job activity), and commercial information (Vehicle Identification Number, vehicle information, and license plate number). Once your owner account is created, we will also store your password. We use this personal data to process your owner registration and create your account. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR).
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you request a service at an official Ferrari dealer and repairer. To request a service, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, and physical address) and commercial information (Vehicle Identification Number and details of your vehicle). We use this personal data to book your service appointment and communicate with you about your service request. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR).
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you profiling activities. If you opt-in, we may use this personal data described in this section to analyze your behaviors, habits and propensity to consume to enhance customer experience and to improve products and services provided by the Ferrari, to satisfy your expectations as well as to send you marketing communications we feel may be of interest to you. In doing so, Ferrari will analyze your preferences and interests using automated analysis techniques that provide Ferrari with inferences concerning you, including profiling. The legal basis for this is your consent (Article 6, par. 1, let. a of the GDPR). You may revoke your consent at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent management page where you can also opt-out of our newsletters and marketing communications. You can also e-mail privacy2@ferrari.com or contact us using any of our other contact details set out in section a of this privacy policy to opt-out of profiling activities as well as of direct and indirect marketing communications.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you subscribe to direct and indirect marketing communications. If you opt-in, , Ferrari will collect and use your personal identifiers (such as name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address), your commercial information (products or services purchased), and inferences drawn (if you consented also to profiling activities) to send you marketing communications as well as sending advertising on Ferrari products, services, events, new collections or performing market researches (direct marketing) as well as on Ferrari's commercial partners' products, which may belong to different product categories (e.g. companies operating in the oil, automotive, IT sectors, etc.) (indirect marketing). This data may be processed in hardcopy, by automated or electronic means including via mail or e-mail, phone (e.g. phone calls, SMS), fax and any other mean (e.g. web sites, mobile apps). In doing so, Ferrari will analyze your preferences and interests using automated analysis techniques that provide Ferrari with inferences concerning you, including profiling (if you have opted-in for this purpose). The legal basis for this is your consent (Article 6, par. 1, let. a of the GDPR). You may revoke your consent or opt-out of receiving marketing communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent and newsletters management page where you can opt-out of our newsletters and marketing communications. You can also e-mail privacy2@ferrari.com or contact us using any of our other contact details set out in section a of this privacy policy to opt-out of profiling activities as well as of direct and indirect marketing communications.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you custom audiences and Lookalike audiences. In some cases, if you opt-in for marketing activities, your personal data (such as name, surname, e-mail address, phone number) may be hashed and encrypted before being shared with social network platforms including Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and any other similar platforms ("Social Networks") to make our business more responsive to your interests and those of like-minded consumers. In this regard, the Social Networks will create "Custom Audiences" (where targeted ads are sent to people on the relevant Social Networks who are already our customers or potential customers). As far as "Lookalike Audiences" is concerned (where targeted ads are sent to people on the relevant Social Networks who appear to have shared interests or similar demographics to our existing customers or potential customers) please note that we collect only the information provided by the Social Networks according to their privacy policy when you click on the ads displayed on the Social Networks; we do not have access to the identity of anybody in the "Lookalike Audiences", unless they choose to click on such ads. The legal basis for these activities is your consent (Article 6, par. 1, let. a of the GDPR). You may revoke your consent at any time according to the methods provided within sections 5 and a below, in which case we will remove your personal data from our Custom Audience list. You may refer to Social Networks to know more about their privacy policies relating to the data and consents you may have provided to them.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you subscribe to the Ferrari Newsletter. When you subscribe to the Ferrari newsletter, we will collect your personal identifiers (email address) and your preferences on the newsletters you wish to receive. We use this personal data to send you the newsletters as requested. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent and newsletters management page where you can opt-out of our newsletters.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you subscribe to "The Official Ferrari Magazine". When you subscribe to "The Official Ferrari Magazine", we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, physical address, telephone number, and date of birth). We use this personal data to send you "The Official Ferrari Magazine" as requested. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). We do not have access to the payment information you will use for this service.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you make a report to the Anti-Counterfeiting Program. When you make a report to the Ferrari Anticounterfeiting Program, we collect your personal identifiers (first name, last name, date of birth) and your contact information (physical address, e-mail and phone number). This personal data is used to process your report and, if all criteria are met, to send you a thank you gadget. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of the service you requested (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR). If you wish to submit an anonymous report, you can do so by clicking the corresponding box at the beginning of the procedure. If you choose to report anonymously, we will not collect your personal data.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you live Chat (if available). Through the Live Chat tool, you can communicate via text messages with us and with our authorized dealer network for any enquires regarding current model range, pre-owned vehicles, service and support while browsing dealer and Ferrari Approved websites. When you access and use the Live Chat tool, your browser will automatically transmit the following anonymous data at the beginning of your session: viewed pages, your IP address, the last time you were online, your browser's user agent, your location (latitude and longitude with city level accuracy, based on the IP address). Such data are processed to ensure and maintain the operation and security of our services. In this context, we also process the data, without identifying the specific person to whom it relates, for analysis purposes. In the event that the conversation of the Live Chat service is re-routed to the authorized dealer and if the dealer is temporarily unavailable, you will be asked to provide us with your contact information so that we can elaborate your request/ direct it to the dealer and contact you later on. If you were to provide any other personal information via Live Chat in addition to the above, including photos, you would do so on a voluntary basis. Live Chat offers the possibility to have video calls with us. In this regard, we inform you that you can still take advantage of this service if you choose to keep your Live Chat camera turned off. Please note that if you will not provide your personal information, when requested, this may prevent you from benefiting from the Live Chat service. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). 
Ferrari may also use the personal data we collect as described in this section to improve our products and services, to comply with the law, to efficiently maintain our business, and for other limited circumstances as described in section "HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA". This is part of our legitimate interest in the performance of our contractual obligations, protection of legal rights, and compliance with legal obligations. Ferrari may also deidentify or aggregate the personal data for benchmarking purposes.
Information Collected Automatically. 
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
In addition to the personal data you provide directly, we may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Websites. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information: usage information. This includes information regarding your interaction with our Websites, such as which pages you visit, the frequency of access, how much time you spend on each page, what you click on while on the Websites, and referring website addresses.
In addition to the personal data you provide directly, we may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Websites. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information: device information. This includes certain information about your device that you use to access our Websites, such as browser type, browser language, hardware model, operating system, and your preferences. For the MyFerrari mobile application, we will also assign a unique identifier to your mobile device.
In addition to the personal data you provide directly, we may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Websites. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information: location information. This includes information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address.
To collect this information, we use cookies and other tracking technologies. A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website, when visited by a user, asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and are called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies, which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting, for our advertising and marketing efforts.
To control the information collected about you using cookies and other technologies see our Cookie Policy. Particular third-party cookies on our Websites to note include google Analytics 4. We use Google Analytics 4 to collect information on your use of the Websites to improve our Websites. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics 4 may set cookies on your browser, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics 4 may also receive information about you from applications you have downloaded that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics 4 with personally identifiable information. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics 4 about your visits to our Websites or to another application which partners with Google is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy available here. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics 4, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found here.
DoubleClick. We utilize DoubleClick by Google to serve ads based on a user's prior visit to our Websites. Each visitor to our Site receives a different cookie and the information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics and allows us to see the total number of individuals who clicked on our ads. The DoubleClick cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites participating in Google certified ad networks. DoubleClick enables Google and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our Websites and other websites on the Internet. Please review Google's privacy policy for additional information on how Google uses the information collected. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the CCPA. To opt-out of this sharing and targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google's ad settings. You may also install the DoubleClick opt-out add-on.
Google Ads. We use Google Ads to deliver advertisements to you and to track whether you have interacted with an advertisement we have placed elsewhere on the internet. Google Ads stores a conversion tracking cookie on your device when you click on our advertisement. The information obtained through the cookie is used to generate statistics and allows us to see the total number of users who clicked on our advertisements. We also use Google Ads to present to users of our Websites advertisements across the internet and within the Google advertising network based on their visits to our Websites. For more information, please review Google's privacy policy available here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the CCPA. To opt-out of this sharing and targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google's ad settings.
Facebook Pixel / TikTok Pixel. Ferrari uses Facebook Pixel and TikTok Pixel (jointly "Pixels") to customize our advertising and to serve you ads on your social media based on your browsing behavior. This allows your behavior to be tracked after you have been redirected to the Website by clicking on the Facebook and TikTok ad. The Pixels store a cookie on your device to enable us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook and TikTok ads for statistical and market research purposes. Ferrari does not have access to the information collected through the Pixels. However, the information collected via the Pixels, on the Website as well as other websites on which the Pixels are installed, is also stored and processed by Facebook and by TikTok. Facebook and TikTok may link this information to your Facebook / TikTok account and also use it for its own promotional purposes in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy as well as with TikTok's Privacy Policy. The Pixels also allow Facebook and TikTok and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook and TikTok. To opt-out of this sharing and displaying of Facebook ads, visit your Facebook Ad Settings, and you can clear and control the information third parties share with Facebook in your Off-Facebook Activity page. To opt-out of this sharing and displaying of TikTok ads, visit their Privacy Policy and Web Cookies Policy. If you do not have a Facebook / TikTok account, you can opt-out of Facebook and Tik Tok ads through the Digital Advertising Alliance here.
Bing Ads. Bing Ads is a remarketing service provided by Microsoft. We use Bing Ads to service you advertisements based on your past visits to the Websites. You can learn more about the privacy practices of Microsoft here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the CCPA. To opt-out of this sharing and of Bing Ads you can follow the instructions here.
Infinity Tracking. Infinity tracking uses an advanced visitor level call tracking solution, which means it will, subject to your consent to our functional / performance cookies, track every visitor to our Website and all interactions with the Website, so that Infinity Tracking can determine when a visitor calls us what marketing source or sources they came from (e.g. Social campaign, Paid Advertising). You can learn more about the privacy practices of Infinity Tracking here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the CCPA. To opt-out of this sharing and of Infinity Tracking, you can follow the instructions here.
Information Collected through other sources.
Social media listening ("SML"). From time to time, we may use SML tools to extract information (e.g. users' comments concerning Ferrari, username etc.) from web sources (e.g. blogs, forums etc.) and social media channels. This activity is based on our legitimate interest to find insights into our brand's visibility on social media channels as well as to assess the impact of our web campaigns (Article 6, par. 1, let. f of the GDPR). For this purpose, we may process only publicly available information and derive statistical analysis from it.
Social networks. If you interact with us through social network platforms including Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and any other similar platforms ("Social Networks") when you complete specific forms (e.g. request of information etc.) and when you interact with our official Social Network pages / profiles, we may receive from Social Networks your personal data (e.g. e-mail, name, surname, country of origin, address, street number, town, postcode, city, telephone number), data relating to your vehicle (e.g. current model brand, next vehicle purchase), your interactions on the Social Networks (e.g. post that you like, private messages you may send us etc.). According to the settings you have chosen on your Social Networks profile, we may be able to receive additional data such as your age, groups you have joined, etc. that may lead us in certain cases to identify you. We may process your data to reply to your posts, requests and queries, to perform statistical analyses and market research on the users who interact with our pages and our websites as well as for marketing activities as described in section if you opt-in. 
Furthermore, in the event that you choose to register on the Websites through your Social Network account, we will receive some personal data from the Social Network of your choice (e.g. email, password, name, surname, date of birth, gender, job role, country, citizenship, address, telephone). The legal basis for this processing is the execution of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR).
Please note that this section only refers to Ferrari's data processing. We are not liable in case of any unauthorized disclosure of your information by third-party social media channels, in breach of the options you have selected thereto and any consents you have provided. You may refer to such third-party social media channels websites and Social Networks to know more about their privacy policies relating to the data and consents you may have provided to them.
Ferrari Partners. In the event that you take part in initiatives or events organized by our commercial partners and / or request the latter to provide a service to you, we may receive your personal data to follow up on the requested service and / or the activities envisaged in the scope of the initiative or event (e.g. we could reward the winners of a competition organized by our commercial partners, etc.). The legal basis for this processing is the execution of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). 
04
RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
General Sharing 
Ferrari may need to make the personal data identified in this Privacy Notice available within Ferrari, with service providers, or with other third parties. These instances include within Ferrari. We may share your personal data with Ferrari subsidiaries for legitimate business purposes and general business management. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business efficiently. Upon your consent, we may also share your personal data within the Ferrari Group Companies for marketing purposes. You may revoke your consent at any time.
With Service Providers. We may share your personal data with entities, including with our service providers that assist us in providing the Websites. The legal basis is our legitimate interest in providing the Websites efficiently. These service providers include communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, shipping providers, payment processors, call center providers, marketing providers, and e-commerce providers. 
With Third Parties. We may need to disclose your personal data to third parties, such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory bodies in order to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect against fraud or other illegal activities, prevent harm, for risk management purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations. The legal basis for this is compliance with the law, compliance with legal obligations, and our legitimate interest in the protection of the rights of others. 
In the Event of a Corporate Reorganization. In the event that we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, we would share personal data with third parties, including the buyer or target (and their agents and advisors) for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction. We would also share personal data with third parties if we undergo bankruptcy or liquidation, in the course of such proceedings. 
With Your Consent. Apart from the reasons identified above, we may request your permission to share your personal data for a specific purpose. We will notify you and request consent before you provide the Personal data or before the personal data you have already provided is shared for such purpose. You may revoke your consent at any time.
Sharing in the Last Twelve Months 
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: we have disclosed your personal identifiers, internet and other network activity information, and customer records information to service providers that perform services on our behalf. These service providers include our e-commerce provider, communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, shipping providers, payment processors, call center providers, and marketing providers.
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: we have disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location information to our IT support to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, anWelcome to the GDPR Privacy Web Form
You can use this form to submit a request regarding your personal information. Please complete this form and we will respond as soon as possible.
For more details and information about how we use and protect your personal information, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Thank you!
I am submitting this information on behalf of: 
Myself 
Someone else 
In case you are submitting the request on behalf of someone else, please attach a delegation signed. 
In case you are submitting the request on behalf of someone else, please attach a delegation signed. 
Select the Right You Want to Exercise: 
Update Data 
This rights refers to the right to obtain the update of inaccurate and incomplete Data 
This rights refers to the right to obtain the update of inaccurate and incomplete Data 
Data Deletion 
This right refers to the right to obtain the erasure of Data when the request is legitimate 
This right refers to the right to obtain the erasure of Data when the request is legitimate 
Access or Give me my information 
This right refers to the right to know from the Company whether your Data is being processed and, where applicable, to have access to it 
This right refers to the right to know from the Company whether your Data is being processed and, where applicable, to have access to it 
Object to Processing or Restrict Processing 
This right refers to the right to object to the processing of the Data when the request is legitimate, including when the Data is processed for marketing or profiling purposes, if applicable 
This right refers to the right to object to the processing of the Data when the request is legitimate, including when the Data is processed for marketing or profiling purposes, if applicable 
First Name 
Enter the first name of the data subject 
Enter the first name of the data subject
Last Name 
Enter the last name of the data subject 
Enter the last name of the data subject
Email 
Enter email for correspondence with the data request. 
Enter email for correspondence with the data request.
Request Details 
Enter any additional information in this section that will help us process your request. Please refrain from entering any personal information. 
Enter any additional information in this section that will help us process your request. Please refrain from entering any personal information.
0/ 5000 You have entered 0 of 5000 characters 
Select a File 
Files larger than 4 MB are not supported.
Subm]