[Your Privacy Choices
For all visitors to a Ford website, this page describes how you may opt out of the disclosure and use of personal information we collect through certain cookies or other online advertising technologies (collectively, "Cookies"), including opting out of Sales and Sharing for residents of California and Sales and Targeted Advertising for residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia (as those Capitalized terms are defined by each state's law). 
For residents of California, this page describes how you can also opt out of Sales or Sharing of Personal Information other than through Cookies. 
For residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia, this page describes how you can also opt out of offline Sales or Targeted Advertising.
Opting out of Cookies
All users to our websites can opt out of disclosures we make to certain advertising and analytics partners by setting your Cookie preferences, which you can access by clicking on the "Cookie Settings" link at the bottom of this website. Note that this opt-out will apply only to the device or browser you are using when submitting the request. You may also opt out of these disclosures by using the Global Privacy Control, which is designed to recognize opt-out preference signals. To send your request through an opt-out preference signal, you must use a browser or extension supporting the preference signal and must turn it on for each browser and each device you use.
Additional opt-out rights for residents of California
California residents may direct Ford not to Sell or Share your Personal Information through Cookies by using the Cookie Settings link, as described above, or through the Global Privacy Control, which is designed to recognize opt-out preference signals. To process your request through an opt-out preference signal, you must use a browser or extension supporting the preference signal. If you choose to use an opt-out preference signal, you will need to turn it on for each browser and each device you use. In addition, residents of California may direct Ford not to Sell or Share your Personal Information through activities other than Cookies by submitting a Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information request through this form.
Additional opt-out rights for residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia
In addition to opting out of Targeted Advertising through the Cookie Settings link in the footer of this page, residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia may exercise the following additional rights: opt Out of the Sale of Personal Data: You may direct Ford not to Sell your Personal Data through activities other than Cookies by submitting an opt-out request through this form.
In addition to opting out of Targeted Advertising through the Cookie Settings link in the footer of this page, residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia may exercise the following additional rights: opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You may direct Ford not to use your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising through activities other than Cookies by submitting an opt-out request through this form. 
close
close Zip Code
Select location ]