[VIII. STATE SPECIFIC RIGHTS
If you are a resident of a state that affords you consumer rights governing data usage, you may have additional rights to access and control your Personal Information that we process on our own behalf. Exemptions may apply.
Right to Opt-Out from the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information (Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Request) 
You have the right to direct us not to sell or share (for targeted advertising purposes) your Personal Information to third parties. We will process requests within 15 business days, subject to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law. 
Certain Sites also recognize and process Global Privacy Control signals. When these Sites receive a GPC signal, we treat it as a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of that user's Personal Information collected while the signal is present. To opt-out of offline sales and sharing scenarios, please use one of the methods described below.
Right to Know (Personal Information Disclosure Request)
You have the right to request twice in a 12-month period that we provide you the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you; the categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information; the business or commercial purposes for which we collected, sold, or shared your Personal Information; the categories of Personal Information we disclosed to Service Providers or third parties for a business purpose and the categories of Service Providers and third parties to whom we disclosed it; and the categories of third parties to whom we sold/shared your Personal Information and the categories of Personal Information sold/shared to each category of third party. We cannot provide access to specific pieces of Personal Information if the Personal Information is sensitive or creates a high risk of potential harm from disclosure to an unauthorized person. To protect your Personal Information, we will take steps to validate your identity before any information is disclosed which may require you to provide additional information or documents. We will process verified requests within 45 days, subject to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law. 
Right to Deletion (Delete My Personal Information Request)
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information we collected about you. Please understand that we are not required to honor a deletion request if a legal exemption applies such as if we need the information to complete a requested or reasonably anticipated transaction, prevent security incidents or fraud, enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations, or comply with legal obligations. To protect your Personal Information, we will take steps to validate your identity before your request is processed which may require you to provide additional information or documents. We will process verified requests within 45 days, subject to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law. 
Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information
Certain states allow you to request that we limit the use of your Sensitive Personal Information to only exempt purposes such as to provide the goods and services you requested, prevent fraud, or verify or maintain the quality or safety of goods or services we provide. Other states may require us to obtain your consent to process Sensitive Personal Information. The definitions of Sensitive Personal Information vary by state. 
We will process requests to limit use of Sensitive Personal Information within 15 business days, subject to any extensions permitted by law. 
If you reside in a state that requires consent to process Sensitive Personal Information, we treat your request to limit as a revocation of consent to process such information. Requests to limit and revocations of consent are subject to exceptions permitted by applicable laws. 
Right to Opt-Out of Automated Decision-making and Profiling
You have the right to direct us not process your data for automated decision making and profiling that produce legal or other similarly significant effects. Although we do not currently conduct such profiling, you may opt-out now to prevent future practices, if any, that qualify. Where permitted by applicable law, we may take steps to validate your identity before your request is processed which may require you to provide additional information or documents. We will process verified requests within 15 business days, such to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law.
Right to Correct
If you believe that your information is inaccurate, you may submit a Correct My Data Request. When you make your request, please be sure to provide us the specific information that you believe is inaccurate and the correct information. You should also provide us with any documentation you believe supports your proposed correction, and we will take that documentation into consideration. We will only correct the information if we determine, based on the totality of the circumstances, that your correction is more likely than not accurate. We may also choose to delete the allegedly inaccurate information instead of correcting it. We will process verified requests within 45 days, subject to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law. 
Right to Appeal
If we deny a previous privacy rights request in full or in part, you have the right to appeal that decision. If we deny your appeal, you may also contact your state Attorney General to lodge a complaint and we may provide you with an online mechanism to do so when we communicate our denial to you. We will process verified requests within 45 days, subject to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law. 
Submitting a Request
If you are a resident of a state that affords you consumer privacy rights and would like to exercise such rights, you may submit a request though the links found on our online Privacy Center. You may also submit a request by phone by contacting us at honda Customer Service: 800-999-1009
Acura Client Relations: 800-382-2238
HRC Customer Relations: 661-702-7777
Powersports Customer Relations: 866-784-1870
Power Equipment/Marine/Engines Customer Relations: 770-497-6400
Authorized Agent
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of another person, you must provide a copy of a lawful power of attorney or written authorization from the consumer (along with proof of your identity). If you make a request as an authorized agent, you will receive additional instructions. We may contact you or the consumer on whose behalf you claim to act to verify your authorization.
Non-Discrimination Notice
We will not discriminate against any individual for exercising their privacy rights under law or this Privacy Notice.
California "Do Not Track" Disclosure
Do Not Track is a web browser privacy preference that causes the web browser to broadcast a signal to websites requesting that a user's activity not be tracked. Currently, our Sites and Services do not respond to "do not track" signals. See our Cookie Section for more information on how you can manage tracking and cookie preferences.
Annual California Privacy Rights Act Reporting Metrics
Click here to view our most recent reporting metrics.]