[You can request us to stop selling or sharing your personal information outside of your browsing activity by using the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Request" form. To exercise your rights, or if you have any questions or concerns about our US Privacy Statement and our privacy practices, our collection and use of your information or a possible data breach, you can, or by entrusting an authorized agent, contact us by using our HP's Privacy Office and Data Protection Officer form, or by writing to us at the address below hP Inc.
Global Legal Affairs 
ATTN: Privacy Office 
1501 Page Mill Road 
Palo Alto, California 94304 
USA 
How We Manage your Privacy Requests
Upon receipt of your communication, our representative will contact you within a reasonable time to respond to your questions or concerns. In some cases, we may request further information to verify your identity, complete your request, ask for the service your request refers to, clarify the nature of your request, remedy any deficiencies with your request, or let you know if we need more time, as permitted in applicable law. Please refrain from sending us sensitive personal information.
You can designate someone else to make a request on your behalf. To protect your information, we will ask for a signed permission from you authorizing the other person to submit a request on your behalf. If applicable, we will contact you to confirm that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request before we respond to your authorized agent's request.
Timing
We will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 days after we receive your request. You will receive our response to your request within 45 days of your request, unless we provide you with notice that it will take more than 45 days to respond (in that case, we won't take more than 90 days to respond).
Additional Rights for Certain US States Residents
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, Utah, Florida, Oregon, Texas, and Montana privacy laws permit their respective residents to request us to stop selling or sharing their personal information with third parties. If you are resident from such states, this section applies to any personal information that we collect about you in accordance with your respective state's privacy laws. 
Obtaining Information about the Sale or Sharing of your Personal Information
You can request and obtain from us further information regarding those categories of third parties to whom your personal information was disclosed, sold, or shared (if any, and as defined under applicable law), the purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing your personal information, and the categories of personal information disclosed, sold or shared, as provided for in the local law. To make such a request, please contact us by using the HP's Privacy Office and Data Protection Officer form..
Your Right to Opt-out
As a Consumer, you have the right to Opt-out, this means you the right to direct HP to not sell or share personal data about you to third parties, as defined by local law, or to stop doing so for the following purposes: targeted advertising, cross-context behavioral advertising, or personalized advertising as defined by law in your jurisdiction.
As a Consumer, you have the right to Opt-out, this means you the right to direct HP to not sell or share personal data about you to third parties, as defined by local law, or to stop doing so for the following purposes: the sale or sharing of personal information as defined by law in your jurisdiction, or 
As a Consumer, you have the right to Opt-out, this means you the right to direct HP to not sell or share personal data about you to third parties, as defined by local law, or to stop doing so for the following purposes: if applicable, profiling in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. 
As a California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, Utah, Florida, Oregon, Texas, or Montana resident, you can also exercise your Opt-Out right by using the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Request" form for the sale or sharing of personal information that occurs outside of your browsing activity. Similarly, exercising your right to Opt-Out of sale or sharing that occurs during your browsing activity can be accomplished in either of the ways listed below opt-out in Cookie Preference Center: As a California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, Utah, Florida, Oregon, Texas, or Montana resident, in addition to being able to select your preference on which cookies are allowed, you can Opt-out of sale or sharing browsing based personal data by clicking on the "Privacy Preference Center" and changing the setting to "inactive" (by changing the setting to GREY slider) at the "Sell or Share" category. If you choose "inactive", we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not sell or share your personal data with third parties as defined by relevant law. Before selecting "Inactive" at the "Sell or Share" category at the Privacy Preference Center, make sure all cookies have been cleared from your browser.
Cookie Preferences " data-link-type="e_linkClick" data-link-placement="ot-sdk-show-settings" data-link-id="ot-sdk-show-settings" href="javascript:void(0)">
Cookie Preferences 
Universal Opt-out Mechanism (e.g., Global Privacy Control): If you use a Universal Opt-out Mechanism or Opt-out Preference Signal (as defined in applicable law), including a web browser or extension, we will interpret as Opting-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information with third parties that are in scope of Do Not Sell or Share. Please note that the use of Universal Opt-out mechanism only applies to your browsing activity and not to offline sale or sharing of personal information.
We are committed to process your Opt-out preferences (and as a result, opt out of personalized advertising) for the device and web browser from which the Opt-out signal is being made, as it will be tied to a specific device ID or browser ID. If you use another device or browser, you will need to Opt-out on each device and browser. If you block or clear cookies from your browser, it may remove the Opt-out settings, requiring you to Opt-out again. If you wish to Opt-out, we recommend that you clear your cookies from your browser first and then select your cookie preferences above. Even when Opted-out, you may still see contextual ads online such as those based on the topic and content of a webpage you visit.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies (including some of our third-party analytics providers), but this is typically something you can adjust. Please reference your browser's settings to adjust your privacy preferences.
Your Right to Appeal 
We aim to ensure that your concerns are resolved in a timely and appropriate manner. If we fail to take any action regarding your request to exercise rights or decline to respond, you have the right to appeal, as permitted in local law. You can appeal directly or through an authorized agent using our HP's Privacy Office and Data Protection Officer form. The appeal must describe your request with a detailed summary that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it and provide the former case ticket number. Similarly, in case an appeal is denied, you have the right to contact your local Attorney General or dedicated Agency, where applicable, if you have concerns about the result of the appeal, as prescribed by applicable law. 
Changes to Our Privacy Choices Notice 
If we modify this Privacy Choices Notice, we will post the revised disclosure here, with an updated revision date. If we make significant changes to this Privacy Choices Notice that materially alter our methods by which you can exercise your rights request, or as otherwise required by local law, we may also notify you by other means, such as sending an email or posting a notice on our corporate website and social media pages prior to the changes taking effect. 
Date Posted: October 2024 
Download Privacy Choices Notice
Download HP US Privacy Statement]