[Rights of California Residents. 
In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA (subject to certain limitations): Opt out of sales and sharing: to opt-out of our sale and sharing of their personal information.
In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA (subject to certain limitations): Limit uses and disclosures of sensitive personal information: to limit certain uses or disclosures of sensitive personal information to those uses authorized by the CCPA.
In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA (subject to certain limitations): Deletion: to request deletion of their personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA (subject to certain limitations): To know/access: to know what personal information we have collected about them, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them.
In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA (subject to certain limitations): Correction: to request correction of inaccurate personal information.
In general, California residents have the following rights under the CCPA (subject to certain limitations): Non-discrimination: not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Submitting CCPA Requests. California residents may submit CCPA requests to regarding their personal information maintained by us, by submitting a request Online at our Personal Information Request Portal 
Submitting CCPA Requests. California residents may submit CCPA requests to regarding their personal information maintained by us, by submitting a request Contacting as at: (800) 633-5151 (toll free).
If you choose to submit a request via our portal, you will be able to track the status of your request, and we may send you a confirmation message to verify your contact information so that we can respond to and communicate with you regarding your request using that information. 
To submit a request, we ask that you provide us with your name, email address, telephone number, and mailing address, as well as VIN (if applicable). We will process your request based upon the personal information in our records that is linked or reasonably linkable to the information provided in your request. In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or where necessary to process your request. If we cannot verify your identity, we will be unable to process your request to know/access, correct or delete. There may also be certain personal information for which we will not be able to process your request. For example, if you request deletion, we may need to retain certain personal information to comply with our legal obligations or other permitted purposes.
Authorized agents may also submit requests to us at our Personal Information Request Portal. We may request that any authorized agents verify their identity, including by providing information about themselves, such as their name, email, phone number, and address. We may also contact consumers directly to confirm the authority of the authorized agent.
Your Right to Opt Out of Sales/Sharing. As noted above, California residents can submit a request to opt out of sales and sharing via our Personal Information Request Portal or by calling us at (800) 633-5151. We will apply your opt out request based upon the personal information in our records that is linked or reasonably linkable to the information provided in your request. 
In addition, our website responds to global privacy control-or "GPC"-signals, which means that if we detect that your browser is communicating a GPC signal, we will process that as a request to opt that particular browser and device out of sales and sharing (i.e., via cookies and tracking tools) on that Site. Note that if you come back to the Site from a different device or use a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt out (or set GPC for) that browser and device as well. More information about GPC is available at website_url_lnk. 
Financial Incentives. California residents have the right to understand the material terms of any "financial incentive" offered to them and to not be included in such without consent. If we provide any programs or offerings that are considered "financial incentives" under the CCPA, we will disclose the material details of such program to you so that you can choose whether to opt in. You also have the right to opt out of a financial incentive program at any time. 
California's Shine the Light Law. 
Pursuant to California's "Shine the Light" law (Cal. Civ. Code ยง 1798.83), California residents may submit a request to opt out of our sharing of their personal information with third parties for the third parties' own direct marketing use, by submitting a request to "opt of sale of personal information" through our Personal Information Request Portal. 
For more information about our privacy practices, you may contact us as set forth in the Contact Us section above.
Related links
About Hyundai
Help / FAQ]