[FCA WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Last Updated: April 6, 2021
These FCA Website Terms of Use (the "Terms" or the "Agreement") apply to the use of FCA websites, including website_url_lnk website_url_lnk website_url_lnk website_url_lnk website_url_lnk website_url_lnk and any other FCA website, webpage or online service (including mobile application) that includes a link to these Terms, as well any information, content, services, Accounts (except as described below) or features FCA makes available to You through these websites (each a "Site" and collectively, the "Sites").
"FCA," "We," "Us," and "Our," means FCA US LLC, and refers to FCA and its employees, directors, officers, contractors, subcontractors, consultants, representatives and agents.
"You" and "Your" refers to the person who is accessing or using the Site.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS AND/OR USING ANY OF THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH AND BE BOUND BY ALL OF THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE (AND MUST REFRAIN FROM USING) THE SITE. 
NOTE: THESE TERMS CONTAIN A DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION PROVISION (SECTION 13), INCLUDING CLASS ACTION WAIVER THAT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THESE TERMS AND WITH RESPECT TO DISPUTES YOU MAY HAVE WITH FCA. YOU MAY OPT OUT OF THE BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER AS PROVIDED BELOW.
YOUR LEGAL CAPACITY TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT
You must be at least 18 years old or the age of majority as determined by the laws of Your state or province of residency, to assume the obligations set forth in this Agreement and You hereby represent to Us that You meet that requirement and have the legal capacity to do so. 
If You are under 18 years of age but are at least 15 years old (a "Minor"), You represent, acknowledge and agree that You are assuming the obligations set forth in this Agreement with Your parent's or legal guardian's permission. 
If You are a parent or legal guardian of a Minor, You hereby agree to bind the Minor to this Agreement and to fully indemnify and hold Us harmless if the Minor fails to comply with this Agreement.
FCA RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THE SITES OR THE TERMS AT ANY TIME IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.
Depending upon the nature of the modifications, We will provide notice of such changes on the applicable Sites and by notifying You electronically using the contact information We have for You. 
If You continue to use the Sites after the effective date of the change or otherwise agree to the change, the change will become part of the Terms as of the effective date of the change.
If You do not agree with such changes You must stop using the Sites immediately. 
If You do not stop using the Sites within thirty days of the date of the notice of changes to the Sites or the Terms, then You agree to the change and it will automatically become part of the Terms.
You should frequently review the Terms (including the effective date) and applicable policies and other documents from time to time to understand the terms that apply to Your use of the Sites.
If You do not agree with any modifications, Your sole and exclusive remedy is to not use the Sites. 
To obtain a copy of the Terms, You may call FCA at 800-800-2813.
SCOPE OF THESE TERMS
These Terms govern Your access and use of the Sites. Your access to and use of certain services provided or made available by FCA through the Sites or otherwise ("Services"), including certain Services that may be accessible to You via one of the Sites, may require a separate registration and Your acceptance of separate terms and conditions ("Service Terms"). For example, Your access to and use of Connected Services requires that You register a Connected Services account and is subject to the FCA Connected Services Terms of Service (available at Terms of Service). If You make a purchase, submit an order, or request an estimate through one of the Sites, additional Service Terms may apply to Your purchase, order or request. If there is a conflict between these Terms and the applicable Service Terms, the separate Service Terms will govern Your access and use of the Services. If You have not subscribed to the relevant Services or accepted the relevant Service Terms, You may not be able to access and use certain of the Sites or certain features of the Sites. 
ACCOUNT
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: you may be given or required to create a user ID and a unique password in connection with Your use of certain Sites or Services.
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: once You have submitted Your Account registration information, We have the right to approve or reject the requested registration, in Our sole discretion.
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: by creating an Account, You agree that We may send You notifications pertaining to Your vehicle and the Services that FCA provides to You, which notifications may be sent through Your Account or using other contact information You have provided to Us.
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: you will provide Us with accurate and complete information about You when You register for any Account and keep that information current at all times.
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: you may be required to provide Your password to authenticate Your Account and to allow Your Account or the Site or Service to interact, or share information, with services or features, content or applications that are provided on the Sites or through the Services.
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: anyone who has access to Your password may be able to access Your Account, including through the Sites or Services; 
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: we are not obligated to inquire about the authority of anyone using Your password or other information that can be used to identify Your Account to access or use the Sites.
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: you are fully responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your Account credentials and password, all activities that occur using Your Account and password, and complying with any terms and conditions applicable to the use of any Services or Your Account.
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: you will not share, let anyone else access or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of Your password or Account; and
To access and use certain Services, You may be required to register for and receive an account (an "Account"). If the Services are governed by separate Service Terms, then those Services and any corresponding Account are governed by those Service Terms. If there are no separate Service Terms that apply to the applicable Services or Account, then You acknowledge and agree to the following: you will notify Us if Your Account credentials or password are lost, stolen or disclosed to an unauthorized third party, if there is any unauthorized use of Your Account or password, or if You learn of any other breach of security in relation to Us, Your Account or the Services. 
LICENSE GRANT
Subject to Your compliance with these Terms, We grant You a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, personal, non-assignable and non-transferrable license to access and use the Sites for Your personal, non-commercial use only.
To use the Sites, You must have Internet access through Your computer or mobile device.
We do not warrant that the Sites will be compatible with Your computer or mobile device.
The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Sites or any copy thereof, and We and Our third-party licensors or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Sites (and any copy of the Sites).
Access to the Sites is permitted at Our discretion. To the extent permitted by law, We may revoke, restrict or suspend this license at any time without notice to You.
This license will automatically expire upon the termination of these Terms.
Except as expressly granted in these Terms, there are no other licenses granted to You, express, implied or by way of estoppel. All rights not granted in these Terms are reserved by FCA.
USE RESTRICTIONS
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: use the Sites to engage in any activity or conduct that violates the law or the legal rights of a third party, or is deceptive, abusive, dangerous, harassing, defamatory, tortious, obscene, or invasive of another person's privacy; 
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: use the Sites to engage in or facilitate any fraudulent activity, perpetrate a hoax or engage in phishing schemes, forgery or other similar falsification or manipulation of data.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: use the Sites to send or store data that violates the rights of any individual or entity established in any jurisdiction.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Sites or any software or services accessible through the Sites.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: engage in any activity that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully using the Sites, or that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or otherwise negatively affect the functionality of the Sites or FCA's or third party's network or computer systems.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: circumvent, disable, interrupt, limit or otherwise impair the security, access controls or copyright protections of the Sites or any FCA or third-party network or computer systems.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: permit any other person to use Your login credentials or account on the Sites, or share Your credentials, passwords or other access information for the Sites.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: misrepresent Your identity or impersonate any person when accessing or using the Sites.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: use the Sites to publish, post, share, copy, store or distribute malware, including viruses, Trojan horses, worms, or any other similar applications that may damage the operation of the Sites or any other person's device, networks or computer system.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble the Sites except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: copy, modify, or create derivative works of the Sites.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: remove, obscure or alter any proprietary notices affixed to or contained within or accessed in conjunction with or through the Sites or any Content.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: loan, rent, lease, resell, sublicense, distribute, transfer or otherwise provide the Sites to any third party.
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: export, re-export, transfer or disclose the Sites to or for any prohibited or restricted destination, end user or end-use, except in accordance with all applicable export control laws and regulations; 
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated system, software or other means to extract data from or through the Sites; or
You shall not use the Sites for any purpose other than those authorized by these Terms. You agree that You will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: engage in any activity that violates, or encourage or promote any activity that violates, these Terms, including the applicable Service Terms.
Without limiting the generality of any other terms herein, if FCA believes, in its sole discretion, that You have violated these Terms, FCA may terminate or suspend Your access to the Sites. 
FCA'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
You acknowledge that any and all information, content, data, photographs, images, sound files, animation files, videos, databases, graphics, interfaces, web pages, text, files, software, product names, company names, trademarks, logos and trade names contained in or made available through the Sites (the "Content"), including the manner in which the Content is presented or appears and all information relating thereto, is the property of FCA or its licensees, or the respective owner as indicated. All Content is protected by U. S., Canadian, and worldwide copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws and treaty provisions. FCA and its licensors grant You a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, personal, non-assignable and non-transferable license to use and display on Your computer or device the Content for Your own personal, private and non-commercial use only.
All Content is and will remain the property of FCA, its licensors or its respective owner, whether or not specifically recognized or perfected under applicable law. All trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos or other words or symbols identifying the Sites or FCA's business, products and services (the "Marks") are and will remain the exclusive property of FCA or its licensors, whether or not specifically recognized or perfected under applicable law. 
You will not acquire any right, title, or interest in or to the Sites, Content or Marks, except for the limited rights specified in these Terms. FCA or its licensors, as applicable, will own all rights in any copy, translation, modification, adaptation or derivation of the Sites, including any improvement or development thereof. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the Contents in any form for commercial use is prohibited.
USE OF THE SITES IN ANY MANNER OTHER THAN AS PROVIDED IN THESE TERMS IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED AND MAY INFRINGE OR MISAPPROPRIATE THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF FCA AND/OR ITS LICENSOR(S), SUBJECTING YOU TO CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION MONETARY DAMAGES AND IMPRISONMENT FOR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.
PAYMENTS; ORDERS; PRICING and ESTIMATES 
You may be able to purchase products and services, submit orders or receive estimates on certain of the Sites. As noted above, additional Service Terms may apply to such purchases, orders and estimates, and will control in the event of any conflicts with these Terms including this Section 6.
Product Information. FCA may change any product and service specifications, availability, or prices at any time and without notice. Further, while FCA strives to ensure that product descriptions, images and prices ("Product Information") are accurate, We do not guarantee or warrant that such Product Information is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If the Product Information for a product or service We you have ordered or purchased through the Sites is inaccurate, Your sole remedy is to return the product in unused condition, in accordance with the applicable return policy. We do not warrant or guarantee availability of any of the products and services, and reserve the right to refuse or otherwise cancel Your order or any portion of Your order (e.g., by removing certain items) at any time before Your order is shipped or otherwise completed; in the event We cancel all or a portion of Your order, You will not be charged for the canceled order or items.
Pricing. The list prices displayed for products and services represent the retail price for such product or service, excluding taxes and applicable fees. Prices are subject to change at any time without notice. Despite Our best efforts, list prices may be incorrect. If a product or service's actual price is higher than Our stated price, We will, at Our sole discretion, either contact You for instructions before shipping or cancel Your order and notify You of such cancellation.
Parts and Accessories Purchases. Parts and accessories (collectively defined as "Parts") purchased through the Sites are intended solely for use in or affixing to the motor vehicles for which such Parts are designed by their manufacturer, in accordance with the instructions and directions of the relevant motor vehicle's owners' and repair manuals. If You purchase any Part through the Services to use for any other purpose or to misuse such Part in any way, We assume no responsibility and You agree to indemnify Us as stated in the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitations of Liability and Indemnification in Sections 10-12 below.
Vehicle Pricing. Vehicle pricing is an estimate for reference purposes only, and is not an offer to sell FCA vehicles. "MSRP" excludes destination, taxes, title, and registration fees. "Starting at" price refers to the base vehicle model, optional equipment not included. Optional equipment is not included in vehicle pricing unless specifically indicated. A more expensive vehicle model may be shown in images next to prices on the Services. Dealers set the actual transaction price. To obtain full pricing details, see Your dealer. Pricing, discounts, incentives, and offers may change at any time without notification.
Subscriptions. Please note that Your subscription for the Connected Services is subject to the Connected Services Terms of Service, and not the terms of this paragraph. For other Services, You may be able to subscribe to certain Services through the Sites. Additional terms and conditions may apply and subscription fees may be due in advance and change at any time. You Us Your We Your When You sign up for a subscription, You agree to pay the applicable subscription fees, plus any applicable taxes and fees. AUTOMATIC RENEWALS: IF YOU SIGN UP FOR A SUBSCRIPTION THAT INCLUDES AUTOMATIC RENEWALS, THEN YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW AT THE END OF EACH SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD, AS DESCRIBED ON THE RELEVANT SUBSCRIPTION OR ORDER PAGE. YOUR SUBSCRIPTION ACCOUNT WILL BE BILLED, AND YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION ON FILE WILL AUTOMATICALLY BE CHARGED AT THE SUBSCRIPTION RATE IN EFFECT AT THE TIME OF RENEWAL, PLUS TAXES AND OTHER APPLICABLE CHARGES, UNLESS YOUR SUBSCRIPTION IS CANCELLED BY YOU OR BY US AS ALLOWED BY THIS AGREEMENT. WE WILL CONTINUE TO CHARGE YOUR PAYMENT METHOD ON FILE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE SUBSCRIPTION TERMS, UNTIL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION IS CANCELLED.
Your Payment Information. By providing Your credit card information to Us (or to the extent We permit other means of payment, Your other payment account information) ("Payment Information"), You represent to Us that You have the right to provide such Payment Information to Us and that We have the right to use that Payment Information for the fees and charges due to Us under this Agreement. You also authorize Us to receive automatic updates of Your Payment Information from the financial institutions for Your applicable account so that such information remains current; however, We have no obligation to do so and You ultimately are responsible for keeping Your Payment Information current with Us. You may update Your Payment Information via Your Account or by contacting Us and requesting that We update Your payment information on file.
Accepting an Order. We (through Our vendors or suppliers) may limit the acceptance of orders to particular jurisdictions and as permitted by applicable law. While We try to confirm orders by email, Your receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute Our acceptance of an order or Our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. The shipment of the products shall be the sole evidence of Our acceptance of Your order. We reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity of any product or service and to refuse service to You. We also may verify information before We accept or ship any order.
Shipping. When You place an order through the Sites, the products will be shipped to the address You designated. Risk of loss and title for products purchased from the Services pass to You upon delivery of the products to the carrier. You are responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged or lost shipments. You will be charged for shipping and handling fees as noted on your order.
Return Policy. The return policy may differ depending on the type of product or service You purchase and the source of Your purchase. Please refer to the return policy posted on the relevant order page or available as part of Your purchase. Unless otherwise stated, You are responsible for all costs and fees associated with any return shipping.
Your Payment Obligations to Us. Payments due to Us must be made in U. S. Dollars and are due in advance of Your receiving any product or service for which a fee is due. If You have subscribed to a Service, payment will be due in advance of the applicable subscription period, in accordance with the applicable subscription terms. Your outstanding balance is due in full for each subscription period. We do not accept debit cards or gift cards for recurring payment plans. All applicable charges must be paid by the due date to avoid a late fee and possible cancelation or suspension of Your subscription and Your access to the relevant services. We use third parties to process payments, their processing of your payment and transaction information is also subject to their terms and conditions of use.
Taxes and Other Fees. You promise to pay all taxes, fees, and surcharges charged to You by Us. We may charge additional fees related to Our costs (or the costs of Our third party providers, including payment processors). These can include items such as shipping and handling costs; administrative charges; gross receipts charges and certain other taxes imposed upon FCA, or charges for the costs that We incur and pass along to You, and other charges related to governmental costs. Such charges are subject to change and You may not receive advance notice of any changes.
FEEDBACK 
If You provide FCA with any comments, suggestions, recommendations, feedback or other information with respect to the Sites ("Feedback"), including, without limitation, Feedback relating to modifications, enhancements and improvements to the Sites, You agree that You have the right to provide such Feedback to FCA and hereby grant FCA an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to use the Feedback for any purpose to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
FCA respects the intellectual property rights of others, and We ask You to do the same. FCA may, in appropriate circumstances and at Our discretion, terminate Your access to the Sites, if You infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If You believe that Your work is the subject of copyright infringement and trademark infringement and appears on or within the Sites (or other FCA websites or online services), please provide FCA's designated agent (set forth below) the following information: a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
FCA respects the intellectual property rights of others, and We ask You to do the same. FCA may, in appropriate circumstances and at Our discretion, terminate Your access to the Sites, if You infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If You believe that Your work is the subject of copyright infringement and trademark infringement and appears on or within the Sites (or other FCA websites or online services), please provide FCA's designated agent (set forth below) the following information: identification of the copyrighted and trademarked work claimed to have been infringed or, if multiple works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
FCA respects the intellectual property rights of others, and We ask You to do the same. FCA may, in appropriate circumstances and at Our discretion, terminate Your access to the Sites, if You infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If You believe that Your work is the subject of copyright infringement and trademark infringement and appears on or within the Sites (or other FCA websites or online services), please provide FCA's designated agent (set forth below) the following information: identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to bWelcome to the FCA US LLC Privacy Portal
Please complete the web form to submit a request to FCA US LLC.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include Opt out of sales and sharing: to opt-out of sale and sharing of your personal information.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include Limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information: to limit certain uses or disclosures of sensitive personal information to those uses authorized by the CCPA.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include Deletion: to request deletion of personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include To know/access: to know what personal information we have collected about them, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include Correction: to request correction of inaccurate personal information.
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Florida, the Digital Bill of Rights gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Utah, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are not a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia you may use this form to submit a request to opt out of direct marketing.
For more details and information about how we use and protect your personal information, please visit our Privacy Policy.
INSTRUCTION
Please fill out the web form below and click Submit
Check your email inbox for an email notification from the FCA US Data Privacy Office to confirm your email address
Click on the Confirm Email link found within the email notification within 30 days or your request will expire
Your request will not be processed until your email address has been verified
Required fields are marked with an asterisk.
Select State of Data Subject 
Select the state of the data subject's residence
Submit 
Select the state of the data subject's residen]