[Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct any of your Personal Information that we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
If Kia sells or shares Personal Information about you to third parties, you may have the right to opt out and request that Kia not sell or share your Personal Information. To exercise the right to opt out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link: do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve months before asking you to reauthorize Personal Information sales. However, if at a later time, you wish to allow us to share or sell your Personal Information to third parties, you must opt in to such sharing or sales, and may do so by calling 800-333-4KIA (4542). If a transaction requires the sharing, sale or transmission of your Personal Information in order to complete the transaction, we will notify you and provide instructions on how you can opt in.
Right to Limit the Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
Kia may use or disclose your Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than those provided under California Law. In such instances, you have the right, subject to certain exceptions, to limit how Kia uses and discloses your Sensitive Personal Information. To exercise the right to limit, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link: limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information
Once you make a limit request, we will wait at least twelve months before asking you to reauthorize the use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than those for which you exercised your right to limit. However, if at a later time, you wish to allow us to use or disclose your Sensitive Personal Information, you must opt in to such use or disclosure, and may do so by calling 800-333-4KIA (4542). If a transaction requires the use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information in order to complete the transaction, we will notify you and provide instructions on how you can reauthorize such use or disclosure.
Right to Appeal
You have the right to appeal any decision or indecision related to the exercise of any right you are granted under California Law.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer's Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not Deny you goods or services.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your California Law rights. To exercise the California Law rights described above, please submit a consumer request to us by either Visiting our online request portal
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your California Law rights. To exercise the California Law rights described above, please submit a consumer request to us by either Calling us at (800) 333-4KIA (4542)
To exercise your right to know, delete or correct your Personal Information as described above, we need to verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. These requests may be made only by you, your parent or guardian (if you are under 18 years of age), a person to whom you have given power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, or an authorized agent that is registered with the California Secretary of State. If a parent or guardian is submitting a request on behalf of a minor, the parent or guardian must submit proof that they are the parent or guardian of the subject consumer, and must verify the consumer's identity. A downloadable Letter of Parent or Guardian form is available in the online request portal, and may be uploaded for submission once completed. If someone with power of attorney is making a request on behalf of a consumer, they must verify the individual consumer's identity and submit documentation establishing the power of attorney, such as by uploading it onto the online request portal. If an authorized agent is submitting a request on behalf of a consumer, they must verify the individual consumer's identity, provide written permission from the consumer to submit the request on the consumer's behalf, and submit documentation establishing registration with the Secretary of State. Such documentation may be uploaded onto the online request portal. If Kia cannot verify that the requestor is authorized by the consumer to act on such consumer's behalf, Kia is not obligated to provide information or respond to the request. If you have any questions about making a request on behalf of another consumer, please call us at 800-333-4KIA (4542).
Your verifiable consumer request to know/access, delete, or correct must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or that you are an authorized representative of such person. We will not respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. While we may ask for Personal Information to verify the requestor or consumer's identity when making a request, we will only use that Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. Additionally, you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access twice within a 12-month period. 
Notice of Financial Incentive
We may offer you various incentives, including special offers, discounts, rewards and coupons pursuant to certain rewards and loyalty programs (each, a "Loyalty Program"), throughout the year for providing us with your Personal Information. Categories of Personal Information that may be collected pursuant to a Loyalty Program, include, but are not limited to: identifiers such as name, postal address, email address and telephone number; categories of Personal Information described in the California Customer Records statute; and commercial information.
We do not assign a monetary value to the data we collect, but based on a good-faith estimate, we believe the value received from your Personal Information is reasonably equal to the value of the benefit we offer you pursuant to a Loyalty Program. This estimate is not specific to any particular individual who participates in a Loyalty Program (a "Member") and may vary by Member. We have calculated such value by taking into consideration, without limitation, relevant factors related to the estimated value of such information to us, as set forth under California Law.
If eligible, you may opt in to a Loyalty Program by following the instructions set forth in a Loyalty Program's terms and conditions and, if applicable, by creating a member account on the Loyalty Program's website. Material terms of participating in a Loyalty Program, including all terms and conditions concerning the collection, use and retention of Members' Personal Information, the required arbitration of any disputes Members have, and the waiver of Members' ability to bring claims in class action format, are set forth in the applicable terms and conditions, this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service, and should be carefully reviewed prior to participation in a Loyalty Program.
You have the right to cancel your membership and participation in a Loyalty Program at any time. To opt out of a Loyalty Program, including the receipt of marketing emails provided pursuant to your status as a Member of a Loyalty Program, please call our Kia Customer Care Center at 1-800-333-4542. 
Response Timing and Format
With the exception of opt-out and limitation requests, which will be honored within fifteen business days of receipt, we will make our best effort to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Within ten days of receiving the request, we will confirm receipt and provide information about our verification and processing of the request. Kia will maintain records of consumer requests made pursuant to the CCPA as well as our response to said requests for a period of at least twenty-four months.
If you have an account with us, we may require you to take delivery of our written response through that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response electronically, though you may alternatively choose to receive delivery by mail. The response will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. Requests for the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you will be sent in a portable, readily useable format that you may transmit to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. 
Your Rights Under "Shine the Light"
In addition to your rights under California Law, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request information regarding our disclosure, if any, of their Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If this applies, you may obtain the categories of Personal Information disclosed and the names and addresses of all third parties that received Personal Information for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2024 will receive information about 2023 sharing activities). To make such a request, please provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you, attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. You may make this request in writing to the Kia Customer Care Center: Box 52410, Irvine, CA 92619-2410. 
Additional State Privacy Rights
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Know/Access. You have the right to confirm whether Kia processes your Personal Information and access such Personal Information. You also have the right to obtain your Personal Information in a portable, and to the extent reasonably feasible, readily usable format that you can transmit without hinderance. In addition, Oregon residents have the right to receive a list of specific third parties to which Kia has disclosed any Personal Information. 
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Delete. You have the right to request that Kia delete the Personal Information you have provided to us or that Kia has otherwise obtained about you.
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Correct. You have the right to request that Kia correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Information.
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your Personal Information for the purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of your Personal Information and profiling in furtherance of decisions, that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Appeal. You have the right to appeal Kia's decision with regard to your request to exercise any rights described herein.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law rights. To exercise the rights described in this Section 15, including your opt-out rights, please submit a consumer request to us by either Visiting our online request portal
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law rights. To exercise the rights described in this Section 15, including your opt-out rights, please submit a consumer request to us by either Calling us at (800) 333-4KIA (4542)]