[Summary of Your Data Privacy Rights 
Some U. S. State Privacy Laws grant consumers certain rights regarding their personal information. Depending on your state of residence, your rights may include The right to know and access the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format.
Some U. S. State Privacy Laws grant consumers certain rights regarding their personal information. Depending on your state of residence, your rights may include The right to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Some U. S. State Privacy Laws grant consumers certain rights regarding their personal information. Depending on your state of residence, your rights may include The right to request deletion of the personal information that we have collected about you.
Some U. S. State Privacy Laws grant consumers certain rights regarding their personal information. Depending on your state of residence, your rights may include The right to opt-out of the processing of your personal information for targeted advertising, the sale of your personal information, or the sharing of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising.
Some U. S. State Privacy Laws grant consumers certain rights regarding their personal information. Depending on your state of residence, your rights may include The right to limit our use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information, where permitted by law. Lenovo does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a consumer to exercise a right to limit under California law.
Some U. S. State Privacy Laws grant consumers certain rights regarding their personal information. Depending on your state of residence, your rights may include The right to be free from discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights.
Some U. S. State Privacy Laws grant consumers certain rights regarding their personal information. Depending on your state of residence, your rights may include The right to appeal any decision with regard to your privacy request.
Some U. S. State Privacy Laws grant consumers certain rights regarding their personal information. Depending on your state of residence, your rights may include The right to opt-out of profiling in furtherance of producing legal or significant decisions concerning a consumer. We do not engage in such profiling.
You can submit a request to exercise the rights applicable to you through our Privacy Request Form. Lenovo does not discriminate in response to privacy rights requests. 
You may also use an authorized agent to submit a privacy request form on your behalf. If you do so, Lenovo will require: you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so; and your agent to verify their identity directly with Lenovo. Lenovo may deny a request from an agent that does not meet these requirements.
Notice of Right to Opt-out of Sharing 
In an increasing number of S. States, you can request that Lenovo not: sell your personal information, share it with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes, or process it for targeted advertising purposes.
For information about how to exercise your rights to opt-out, and to exercise that right, click "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information"
To view numbers of privacy requests received and handled by Lenovo, click here.
open in new tab]