[We do not sell your personal data.
We may share your personal data with third parties including advertising partners under certain circumstances for the Promotions and Relevant News function as listed in the table below. We use affiliated and unaffiliated service providers that help us process personal data to deliver services and run our business subject to strict confidentiality agreements. For example, service providers help deliver the following functions: service Description. Data Provided. Purpose
Customer Support. Contact data, Inquiry data. To help troubleshoot and support products and services 
E-Commerce Functionality. Contact data, Interactions with our Sites. To facilitate sales of our products online 
Promotions and Relevant News. Contact data, Cookie data. To provide information and incentives for our products and services 
Website performance. Cookie data, Interactions with our Sites. To enable functionality and features while on our websites 
Cookie Manager. Cookie data. To provide the ability to choose which cookies are used on our Sites 
These companies are required to abide by our data protection and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose.
We may disclose your personal data to
comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements, and to respond to lawful requests, including to meet national security requirements, court orders, and legal process.
to protect and defend our rights or property or that of third parties, including enforcing agreements, policies, and terms of use.
in an emergency, including to protect the safety of our employees or any person; or
in connection with investigating or preventing fraud.
We may share your personal data for purposes of a business deal, or negotiation of a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture or partnership, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
We also use and share aggregated and pseudonymous information for performance, analytics, and social network marketing purposes. This data is processed in a way that is not designed to identify you individually.
Providing and improving our products and services 
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include providing the Product or Service 
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include We use data to ensure our products operate as intended and expected. Our products and services may have personalized features and recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment, and tailor your experiences based on your activities, interests, and location.
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include customer Satisfaction 
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include We use data to understand your satisfaction with the product or service.
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include customer Support 
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include We use data to diagnose product problems, repair customers' devices, and provide other customer care and support services.
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include product Activation and Registration 
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include We use device and application version, location, and unique device, network and identifiers and other data to activate and register products.
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include product Improvement 
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include We use data to improve our products, add new features or capabilities, report errors, improve security, determine what new features to prioritize, and improve efficiency.
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include security, Safety and Dispute Resolution 
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include We use data to protect the security and safety of our products and our users, to detect and prevent fraud, and to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. For example, we may use data to determine which products need security patches or analyze patterns in data that allow us to develop new security features.
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include business Operations 
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include We may use pseudonymous and aggregated data to create statistics and analysis. For example, financial and product reports are created to analyze performance in a given sector or region.
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include marketing Communications 
We use data to provide and improve our products and services and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features and provide customer support. Example uses include We may use your personal information to send you marketing communications, or to engage with you in marketing activities, if you have opted-in or when we have a legitimate interest under applicable law to do so. These communications and activities occur in various ways and may be tailored to your interests based on your previous interactions with Logitech, including your purchase history and website engagement.
Below, you'll find an explanation of these activities, the categories of personal data involved, and the legal bases for processing.
Description. Categories of Personal Data. Legal Basis for Processing 
We may send you emails about new products, services, exclusive promotions, surveys, and other promotional activities. Contact Data, Account Data. Consent 
We may send you targeted surveys to understand your interests and preferences better. This helps us tailor product recommendations and offers to your specific needs. Contact Data, Account Data, Purchase Information, Website Browsing Data. Consent 
We may use your information to provide you with personalized recommendations for products, content, educational articles and offers that we believe you may find relevant and interesting. Contact Data, Account Data, Purchase Information, Website Browsing Data. Consent 
Based on your recent purchases, we may suggest complementary products that enhance your Logitech experience. Contact Data, Account Data, Purchase Information, Website Browsing Data. Consent 
We may process aggregated data from the past two years to generate insights to improve our products and services and to honor your marketing opt-out preferences. Contact Data, Account Data, Purchase Information, Website Browsing Data, Aggregated Data. Legitimate Interest 
Your Choices: 
You can opt out of receiving marketing emails at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in the email; by visiting our Preference Center; or by logging into your Logitech account and navigating to Email Preferences.
You can adjust your preferences for personalized recommendations and advertising in your account settings.
Subject to applicable law and your consent where it's required, we may also use cookies or tracking technology to personalize your experience on our website and in our marketing communications. You can learn more about how we use cookies and tracking technologies in our Cookie Policy.
Support Communications 
We may contact you by email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or to let you know when security updates are available.
Cookies 
Logitech uses cookies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices. You can learn more about cookies, withdraw your consent or modify your choices at any time by clicking on the Cookie Settings button located at the bottom of our website.
SHARING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION 
We do not sell your personal data.
We may share your personal data with your consent or to complete a transaction or provide a product or service you requested or authorized. We also share personal data among our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes described in this policy and when required by law.
Read More
Read More
Read More
We may share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Policy. For example, companies hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions.
These companies must abide by our data protection and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data to another company if we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business. This may include any organization involved in a merger, transfer, or sale of our assets or business.
If you post information in public areas in our products and services, like communities, forums, or blogs, it will be available to the public and we may reuse and republish it at our discretion and in line with our Terms of Use.
Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to 1. comply with law or respond to a legal process, like national security requirements, law enforcement or other government agencies.
Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to 2. protect our customers, for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users, or to help prevent loss of life or serious injury.
Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to 3. maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or networks; and
Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to 4. protect your or our legal rights or as required by law or orders from a court or government agency.
Information provided by you to third parties 
We are not responsible for information provided by you to third parties, and that information is not subject to this policy. You assume all privacy, security, and other risks with providing information, including personal data, to third parties. To understand the privacy protections from third parties, you should refer to their privacy policies, if any.
CONTROLLING AND ACCESSING INFORMATION 
You can direct us to update, delete, or deactivate certain information pertaining to you. You can also request that we remove your personal data from the blog, community forums, or other public areas within our control. If we cannot remove certain personal data, we will let you know why.
You also have the right to request how your data is processed and with whom we share it. Additionally, if you believe certain information Logitech processes about you is inaccurate, you have the right to have this information corrected. We will endeavor to respond to your request to review the information we have on file for you within 30 days from receiving such request.
You can unsubscribe from marketing emails from us by following the instructions in the email you received or at the subscription management page on our website. We try to respond to requests to review information we have on file within 30 days of receiving a request.
You can "opt-out" of having your personal data used for certain purposes whenever we ask for this information. If you have questions, comments or would like to make a request about your data or our Privacy Policy or data practices, please contact us at support.logitech.com/response-center or through the following methods: phone: +1 646-454-3200 or toll free +1 866 632 5644
Contact: support.logitech.com/response-center
If you are not satisfied with our response, you can refer your privacy complaint or dispute to the state or national data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
CHILDREN 
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information about persons under 13 years of age. If we learn that information about persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through Logitech sites, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has registered for an account or service on our sites, please contact us using the contact information below to have that child's account or service terminated and personal data deleted.
DATA SECURITY 
We are committed to the protection of your personal data. We use TLS certificates, encryption, data access limitations, anti-virus software, and firewalls to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to personal data. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network is entirely secure. Be mindful of security risks when you transmit personal data to us and when you post information in our public forums.
If you would like to report any security issues in any of our products, please fill out the form and required attachments and send it to Logitech Security.
HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS INFORMATION 
Data Retention 
We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide functionality and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of our Sites, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
We will retain your personal data for as long as you use our products or services.
We will retain your personal data for as long as your account is active.
We will retain your personal data for as long as needed to provide you services.
We will retain your personal data for as long as we are legally required to.
We will retain your personal data for as long as to resolve disputes, and
We will retain your personal data for as long as to enforce our agreements.
Personal data that is no longer required to be retained will be deleted at regular intervals.
Personal data collected by us may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities.
We take steps to ensure that the data we handle is processed as described in this Policy and according to the law wherever the data is located.
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS 
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (together, CCPA), California residents have specific rights around Logitech's collection, use, and sharing of their personal data. We do not sell your personal data, and we will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out. If you require this notice in an alternative format, please email privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 866 632 5644.
Read More
Read More
Read More
Logitech collects and uses various types of personal data when you use its products and services, which are described within the Logitech Product and Web Privacy Policies.
Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes auditing
Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes security
Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes debugging and Technical Troubleshooting
Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes short term, transient use (personal data is not disclosed to third parties and it is not used to build profiles)
Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes performing Services
Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes internal Research
Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes testing or Product/Service Improvement
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal data has been collected about you, how we use, share and disclose it, and to access that information. You also have the right to request that we delete your personal data, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow us to retain and use certain personal data.
We do not sell your personal data. In limited circumstances we share your personal data for advertising. You can "opt-out" of having your personal data used for this purpose by contacting us at support.logitech.com/response-center.
You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request through contact details located within this policy. You may also send your request by email to privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 866-632-5644. An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must provide proof that the agent is authorized to do so by providing the agent with a signed letter giving permission to submit a request on your behalf and you must confirm that authorization directly with us by sending an email to privacy@logitech.com.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different service level for exercising your privacy rights. However, we may offer certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, discounts or quality levels. Any incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal data and will only be collected or processed with your consent.
California's Shine the Light Law 
Separate from the CCPA, California's Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies what personal data they share with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal data to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you unless you request it. If you have any questions regarding this policy, or would like to change your preferences, you may contact us at the address listed in this policy.
SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR EEA/UK/CH USERS 
This section provides information for users in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom and Switzerland whose personal data is processed by Logitech in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland.
Read More
Read More
Read More
The information you provide may be transferred or accessed by Logitech entities around the world as described in this policy.
Legal bases for processing 
We process personal data for one or more of the following reasons: To provide you with products or services you request 
We process personal data for one or more of the following reasons: We need to activate and register products, ensure products and services you use are working as they should, maintain products, answer questions and requests from you, and provide customer support under warranty or service contract.
We process personal data for one or more of the following reasons: For Logitech's legitimate interests 
We process personal data for one or more of the following reasons: We need to detect and prevent fraud and protect and defend the rights or property of other customers or third parties, or our own rights and interests. We consider your data protection interests when we do so and redact personal data as much as practicable.
We process personal data for one or more of the following reasons: To meet Logitech's legal obligations 
We process personal data for one or more of the following reasons: We may need to comply with EU law, EU Member State laws, UK law, Swiss law, regulatory requirements, and respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process.
We process personal data for one or more of the following reasons: With consent 
We process personal data for one or more of the following reasons: Logitech uses some personal data based on consent. For example, we process usage data to conceive new products and services, and improve functionality, security and safety. We also use data with your consent for our direct marketing communications.
Your rights and choices 
If you are a Logitech customer within the EEA, the UK or CH you may have the rights described below.
In compliance with the EU-U. S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U. S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF and the Swiss-U. S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U. S. DPF), Logitech commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U. S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF and the Swiss-U. S. DPF should first contact Logitech.
To invoke your rights and resolve enquiries or complaints, please fill out this form. You may also contact us via phone, email or postal mail using the contact information below phone: +1 646-454-3200 or toll free +1 866-632-5644
Contact: privacy@logitech.com 
Postal Mail: Logitech Privacy Office EMEA, Logitech Ireland Services Limited, City Gate Plaza Two, Mahon, Cork, Ireland 
Data Protection Officer (DPO): You may contact our DPO by emailing dpo@logitech.com
Right of access and explanation
You can ask for an explanation of what data we have about you and how we use the data.
You can ask for a copy of the data we have about you.
Right of rectification
If you think information we have about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can ask us to correct it.
Right to erasure
You can ask us to permanently delete your data.
Right to object
You can object to our use of your data on the basis of legitimate interest or for direct marketing. You can also ask not to make decisions about you based solely on automated processing. Except for direct marketing, we may continue to process your data if it's allowed.
Right to restriction of processing
You can ask us not to process your personal data if you believe the data is inaccurate, the processing is unlawful or if you need your data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Right to portability
You can ask to port the data you have actively or passively provided to us, where we have that data based on your consent or a contract with you and our processing of the data is automated.
Right to complain to the supervisory authority
You can file a complaint about our processing of personal data with the Data Protection Commission of the Irish Supervisory Authority. Its contact information is: 
Data Protection Commission 
21 Fitzwilliam Square 
Dublin 2 
D02 RD28 
Ireland 
Phone: +1800 437 437, +353 765 01 00 
Your use of our products and services is voluntary, so where our processing is based on consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time by using the various contact information methods listed above.
In compliance with the EU-U. S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U. S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF and the Swiss-U. S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U. S. DPF), Logitech commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U. S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF and the Swiss-U. S. DPF should first contact Logitech.
To invoke any of these rights and resolve enquiries or complaints, please fill out the form support.logitech.com/response-center. You may also contact us via phone, email, or postal mail by using the contact information below phone: 1-646-454-3200 or toll free +1 866-632-5644
Email: privacy@logitech.com 
Postal Mail: Logitech Privacy Office EMEA, Logitech Ireland Services Limited City Gate Plaza Two, Mahon, Cork, Ireland
Data Protection Officer (DPO): You may contact our DPO by emailing dpo@logitech.com
In compliance with the EU-U. S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF and the Swiss-U. S. DPF, Logitech commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities and the UK Information Commissioner's Office and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U. S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF and the Swiss-U. S. DPF.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. For additional information, please visit website_url_lnk
International data transfers 
We will only transfer your personal data from the EEA, the UK and CH to countries outside these, on the basis of appropriate safeguards. When Logitech transfers data internationally we rely on i) Adequacy Decisions as adopted by European Commission on the basis of Article 45 of Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR and UK GDPR), ii) Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission, these are available upon request to privacy@logitech.com, and iii) EU-U. S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF, and the Swiss-U. S. DPF as set forth by the U. S. Department of Commerce.
Logitech and its U. S. affiliates and subsidiaries has certified to the U. S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U. S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U. S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U. S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF. Logitech has certified to the U. S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U. S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U. S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U. S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U. S. DPF Principles and the Swiss-U. S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit website_url_lnk
See below the list of Logitech U. S. affiliates and subsidiaries also adhering to the EU-U. S. DPF Principles, the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF and the Swiss-U. S. DPF Principles 1. Logitech Inc.
See below the list of Logitech U. S. affiliates and subsidiaries also adhering to the EU-U. S. DPF Principles, the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF and the Swiss-U. S. DPF Principles 2. Logitech Latin America Inc.
Logitech has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Logitech shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Logitech proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Logitech's compliance with the EU-U. S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U. S. DPF, and the Swiss-U. S. DPF.
Creativity and Productivity products 
Logitech Creativity & Productivity include hardware like mice, keyboards, touchpads, presenters, webcams, and headsets, and related software and services like Logitech Options and Options+ (Logitech Options), Logitech Capture, Logitech Presentation, Setpoint, and Logitech Control Center. We use data we collect relating to these products and services for a variety of purposes described above, including security, stability and product performance. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below.
Read More
Read More
Read More
Backup and Transfer of Device Settings 
Logitech Options allows you to customize your mice, keyboards, and touchpads on your computer. Logitech Capture software allows you to record video and audio on your computer and change the settings of the camera. This software also offers you the ability to back up your device settings to the cloud so you can transfer those settings to other computers and set up your devices easily.
Inform]