[DO NOT SELL OR SHARE REQUEST
As required under data privacy law in CA, CO, CT, DE, IA, MT, NE, NV, NH, NJ, OR, TX, UT, and VA, you can use this request for to opt out of disclosures of information that are considered a sale and the use or disclosure of PI for certain targeted advertising.
Fill out and submit the form below; and
If you wish to opt out of sales and the use or disclosure of information for certain targeted advertising related to your interactions with our online services, you can register your request by broadcasting the Global Privacy Control ("GPC") signal or by registering your cookie preferences by navigating to MazdaUSA.com and clicking on the Manage Cookie Preferences link at the bottom of the page.
If you use the GPC signal, we encourage you to submit the below Do Not Sell or Share request along with using the GPC signal, as we may not be able to link your browser activities with other information we collect about you (e.g. information provided to us by a Mazda authorized dealer).
PLEASE NOTE : If you opt-out you may not receive notification of discounts and promotions that may interest you. Please also be aware that pursuant to data privacy laws even if you have opted out, Mazda may legitimately continue to share your PI with Mazda authorized dealers where such disclosures are for a legitimate business purpose such as completing your transaction, safety and recall reasons, warranty, etc. Additionally, Mazda authorized dealers and other third parties who are not service providers to Mazda may have independently collected your PI, and taking action on that PI is out of scope for this request; we encourage you to reach out to those third parties directly regarding your rights under the law.
Please ensure all fields are completed with accurate information. If you are not a resident of CA, CO, CT, DE, IA, MT, NE, NV, NH, NJ, OR, TX, UT, or VA you are not able to submit a request using this form.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone*
ADDRESS 1*
ADDRESS 2
CITY*
STATE*
ZIP*
SUBMIT
If we are able to identify you based on the information in our records, we will confirm that we have opted you out of this kind of sale and sharing. If we are not able to identify you, you will receive an email with instructions on how to proceed.
If your information is not up to date, please update your information by either 1. Updating your profile in your MyMazda App and allowing 24 hours for the changes to be reflected in our systems or
If your information is not up to date, please update your information by either 2. By calling Mazda Customer Service at 1-844-931-1678.
Close
Agree Cancel
" style="visibility: hidden; pointer-events: none; position: fixed;">]