[If you are a California resident, you have rights in relation to your personal information; however, your rights are subject to certain exceptions. For instance, we cannot disclose specific pieces of personal information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the personal information, your account with us or the security of our network systems. To assert your right to know or your right to delete your personal information, please see the "Contact Us" section below. To confirm your identity, we may ask you to verify personal information we already have on file for you or other documentation that verifies that you are whom you claim to be. If we cannot verify your identity based on the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.
Right Against Discrimination. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right to know, delete or opt-out of sales. Right to Know. You have the right to request in writing a list of the information we have collected or disclosed about you, the business purposes involved, and the sources of such information. You have the right to request a copy of the specific personal information we collected about you during the 12 months before your request.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Opt-Out of Selling. You have the right to opt-out of having your personal information sold. We do not sell your personal information as that term is generally understood but we recognize that the CCPA defines "personal information" in such a way that making available identifiers linked to you for a benefit may be considered a "sale." The CCPA broadly defines "personal information" and "selling" such that making available or sharing identifiers linked to you for a benefit may be considered a sale. In the previous 12 months, we were sharing identifiers and inferences about you with our partners, third parties and affiliates in such a way that, under the CCPA, may be defined as selling. Please see the "Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies" section above for a description of opting out of cookies and controlling browser settings, in addition to clicking the "Manage Cookies" link in our website footer to load a consent tool that will allow you to opt-out of the cookies on our Site.
Use of an Authorized Agent to Submit a Request. Only you or a person you formally authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information as a California consumer. If you use an authorized agent to submit such a request, we will require written proof that the authorized agent has been authorized to act on your behalf or a copy of the power-of-attorney document granting that right.
In addition, CA Shine The Light law permits customers who are California residents to request information regarding our disclosure of certain personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes (see California Civil Code section 1798.83 (e)(7) for a list of personal data categories). You can submit a disclosure request using the contact information provided bellow once a year and free of charge. However, we do not share any personal information protected under the Shine The Light law with third parties, other corporate family entities or affiliate businesses for their direct marketing purposes.
Nevada Privacy Rights
This section applies only to Nevada residents. Although we do not "sell" "covered information" of Nevada "consumers" as those terms are defined by Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes, if you are a Nevada consumer, please contact us at data@missguided.com. and inform us that you would like us to provide you notice in the event we should do so in the future, at which point you will have an opportunity to be verified and exercise your opt-out rights under that law. You may contact us as described below. It is your responsibility to keep your notice contact information current.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding your personal information or any information in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at data@missguided.com.
Your Email]