[Sale of Information and Targeted Advertising
Under some state laws, our use of third-party cookies for marketing and online advertising may be a "sale" of information. We do not sell or share sensitive information or the information of consumers under 16 years of age.
You always have full control over whether these technologies work on your devices. You can disable them entirely by clicking the "Do Not Sell My Data" link on our websites.
Data Retention
We keep information related to your use of Services for as long as necessary to provide the products and services you have requested, fulfill your requests, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Factors that help determine how long we keep information include whether your information is reasonably necessary to manage our operations or our relationship with you, to protect or defend our rights, property, or people; to comply with laws and regulations. or retain evidence of legal compliance. Because the need to retain data depends on the transactions and contexts of the data collection and uses, specific retention periods will vary. Multiple retention periods may also apply. Where information is used for more than one purpose, we may retain it until the purpose with the latest period expires.
Transfer of Information to the U. S. and Other Countries
Panasonic is based in the United States, and we process and store information in the U. S. Our websites are intended for users in the United States and its territories and possessions, but if you use the websites from any country outside the United States, the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries, and by visiting the Website, you consent to these transfers as required or permitted by applicable law. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps (such as implementing contractual safeguards) to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place and to obtain a copy of such safeguards, please contact us at the details below.
Security of Information
While no systems, applications, or websites are 100% secure, we take reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
To help us protect this information, we request that you use a strong password and never disclose your password to anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
Your Choices
In some circumstances, you may have the right to object to Panasonic's use of your information. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at privacy@us.panasonic.com, call us at (800) 704-1257, or submit your request to website_url_lnk but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time
Location Information
When you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, our mobile applications, or certain features thereof, may no longer function properly. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile applications from your device.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Panasonic by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing privacy@us.panasonic.com. You may also call us at (800) 704-1257. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.]