[Your Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights.
Right to Know and Access. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: categories of Personal Information collected, sold, or disclosed by us; purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or sold by us; categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or sold Personal Information; and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you during the past twelve months.
Right to Delete. Subject to certain exceptions, you may submit a verifiable request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you.
Verification. Requests for access to or deletion of Personal Information are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity in light of the information requested and pursuant to relevant CCPA requirements, limitations, and regulations. To verify your access or deletion request, please provide us with your email address.
Right to Opt Out. In some circumstances, you may opt out of the sale of your Personal Information. We do not sell your Personal Information or "share" Personal Information with third parties for targeted advertising, and we do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Right to Equal Service and Price. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations.
Submit Requests. To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please send an email to privacy@dynamicyield.com or through the contact page: website_url_lnk
Authorizing an Agent. If you are acting as an authorized agent to make a request to know, delete, or opt out on behalf of a California resident, please send an email to privacy@dynamicyield.com and attach a written authorization signed by the resident.
View Summary -]