[Except for rights related to sharing for targeted advertising or sale, which we will honor within fifteen business days, we will respond to your request within forty-five calendar days. However, in certain circumstances, we may require additional time to process your request, as permitted by applicable law. We will advise you within forty-five calendar days after receiving your request if such an extension is necessary and why it is needed. If we cannot fulfill your request, our response to you will also explain the reason why we cannot fulfill your request.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request to know about or access your Personal Information twice within a 12-month period.
METRICS FOR REQUESTS BY CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS 
(January 1, 2023, to December 31, 2023)
Request Type
"Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information"
"Delete My Personal Information"
"Get My Personal Information"
"Correct My Personal Information" 
Received
7,017
1,188
569
69 
Complied with in whole or in part
6,757
482
218
28 
Denied
260*
706**
351**
41** 
Median number of days to complete
3
13
18
5 
Failed matching with internal system of consumer records, or request canceled where the submission failed to register with privacy tool.
Request not verifiable with third party provider, failed matching with internal system of consumer records, or request canceled where the submission failed to register with privacy tool.
CONTACT US.
To contact us with a question call us at 800-331-4331 or mail your inquiry to toyota Motor Sales, U. S. A., Inc.
P. O. Box 259001 
Plano, TX 75025-9001
You may also obtain an update on our information practices by sending a request to toyota Motor Sales, U. S. A., Inc.
P. O. Box 259001 
Plano, TX 75025-9001
PERSONAL INFORMATION SHARING PRACTICES FOR 2023 
(Effective as of January 1, 2024) 
During 2023, we shared the following types of Personal Information about our customers with SiriusXM Satellite Radio, Toyota Financial Services, Toyota Insurance Management Solutions and our authorized Toyota dealers where the information was used for the recipient's own marketing: name
Address 
Email address 
Telephone number 
Model vehicle purchased or leased
SiriusXM Satellite Radio is located at siriusXM Radio
1221 Avenue of the Americas 
36th Floor 
New York, NY 10020
Toyota Financial Services is located at toyota Financial Services, Mailstop EF10
P. O. Box 259001 
Plano, TX 75025-9001
Toyota Insurance Management Services is located at toyota Insurance Management Services
7600 Windrose Avenue, Suite G-240 
Plano, TX 75024
Please click on the link below to view a list of authorized Toyota dealers. 
Toyota dealers
You may also obtain this information by sending a request to toyota Motor Sales, U. S. A., Inc.
P. O. Box 259001 
Plano, TX 75025-9001
When you visit our website, we use cookies and other mechanisms, such as session replay technology, to collect information. The data collected is used to help our website function, learn more about our website users, deliver relevant advertising, enhance user experience, and analyze website performance. This information is used to provide a more personalized web experience. In addition, we use session replay technology on our website to understand a website user's activities on, and interactions with, our website as they occur in real time. We use session replay tools to monitor website users' behavior and study how users are interacting with our website, which allows us to improve the website's usability and the general user experience. By using our website, you consent to our use of cookies, including session replay technology. You can view all the different cookie category headings to learn more and change your default settings according to your preference. Please note that opting out of some types of cookies may impact your experience on our website and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential to run the website or for a user to navigate the website; they are not used for analytics or any other form of data collection.
Functional and Performance Cookies
Performance cookies collect website data to monitor our website's performance as a user interacts with it. This data is aggregated for web analytics purposes solely for improving our website's functionality. Functional cookies enable enhanced website functionality and personalization for the user, but are not necessary for the user to navigate the website. For example, if a user doesn't enable location data collection, then the user would have to manually provide their location information on each visit to the website. This may also affect some functionality related to location-specific personalization.
Targeting Cookies and Session Replay Technology
Targeting cookies are advertising cookies that collect information about your online activity on our website and other businesses' websites and properties to provide relevant advertisements to you on other websites and media. They are used to build visitor profiles and insights into advertising performance. Targeting cookies typically are third-party, persistent cookies that can follow a user as they visit other websites. Session replay technology is used to monitor and collect data related to how users interact with our website. Data collected may include: how much time website users spend on our web pages, links users click on, web pages users browse or scroll through, or if users need or use accessibility features.
Save
Cancel]