[Certain data collection and processing on our Website may be deemed by applicable state laws as a "sale" or "sharing" of personal information. For example, the personal identifiers and usage data collected by the cookies, web beacons and log files may be shared with our analytics vendors and partners (such as Meta, Google, TikTok, and Contentsquare) that may use such information for the purposes of targeted behavioural advertising and enhanced conversion across different platforms. Such disclosure is treated as a sale of personal data in certain jurisdictions. To submit a request to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, you may send an email to privacy@valentino.com with the subject line "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information", specifying your full name and email address associated with your account or interactions with VALENTINO.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFER
Your personal data will be transferred abroad only if adequate levels of protection and sufficient safeguards, as provided for by the law, are guaranteed, such as Standard Contractual Clauses (please see here the relevant standard as approved by the EU Commission) and prodded with a data transfer impact assessment, in order to protect the transferred personal data. 
You can always contact us and the DPO at privacy@valentino.com to learn more about the location of your data and the measures applied to protect it.
STORAGE PERIOD
Personal data collected and processed by the Website will be stored for the period of time indicated here below, after which the data are technically deleted or rendered totally anonymous using means that prevents it to be recovered. We may retain your personal information for a longer period if there are valid legal grounds for doing so, for example, in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
PROCESSING REFERENCE AS PER PARAGRAPH ABOVE. PURPOSE/ACTIVITY. DATA RETENTION 
(a). Cookies. Please see the Cookie Policy to have a clear picture of the cookie data retention 
(b). Web Beacons or Tracking Pixels. Beacon-related persistence, duration of cookies on the cookie policy page. 
(c). Log Files and Browsing Data. Cookie-related persistence, duration of cookies on the cookie policy page. 
(e). Registration and Services. 
The time of use and activation of the account. Unused accounts are deleted after 7 years.
The time strictly necessary and any follow-up with the customer (records of phone calls will be kept for a maximum time of 45 days after recording, except for specific needs for in-depth and subsequent analysis and evaluation of the phone call) Customer Care Tickets will be retained for 6 months following the ticket closing. 
(f). Location Data. Cookie-related persistence, duration of cookies on the cookie policy page. 
(g). Social Media Network Log-in. No retention. 
(h). Marketing. 7 years, considering the luxury sector and the interest demonstrated by the clients to be updated on the products, events and runaways of VALENTINO. 
(i). Analysis. 7 years, considering the luxury sector. 
(l). Fraud Prevention. Storage for the time strictly necessary for the handling of the individual case, investigation and possible judicial. 
(m). Sale and pre-post sale services. 
Up to a maximum of the years indicated by tax and civil laws. 
Moreover, the data linked to the purchase may be stored for a longer period of time in order to establish or manage a legal claim and comply with the special contractual product guarantees granted to the client due to the type of goods sold by us and relevant services to be provided. 
(a). Purchases and Services. Up to a maximum of the years prescribed by applicable tax and civil laws. 
(b). Customer Satisfaction Surveys. 7 days 
(c). Customer Service. 6 months after request resolution. Recordings of phone calls will be kept for a maximum time of 45 days, except for specific needs for in-depth and subsequent analysis and evaluation of the phone call. 
(d), 4. (e). Cameras and Wi-Fi. Within the limits of the applicable laws and then deleted except in the case of the preservation of images necessary to defend or enforce a right or for investigations required in connection with specific damaging or criminal events 
USER RIGHTS RECOGNIZED BY THE PRIVACY LAW
Depending on the applicable law of the state of your residence, you may be entitled to obtain confirmation of whether or not personal data concerning you exists in our possession, even if it is not yet recorded, and to have it communicated to you in an intelligible form. You may also have the right to obtain information about the source of personal data, the purposes and methods of processing it, the logic applied for processing through electronic instruments, the details of the controller and data processors. You may also be entitled to obtain information on the persons or categories of persons to whom your personal data may be communicated, directly or indirectly (such as data processors or agents as data supervisors or data processors). You may also have the right to request an update, correction and/or, in specific cases, deletion, anonymization, or the blocking of your data, if your data have been processed unlawfully, or if your data is not necessary anymore for the purposes for which it was collected.
Furthermore, you may have the right to obtain certification that the above actions have been notified, as also related to their contents, to the entities to whom or which the data were communicated, unless this requirement proves impossible or involves a manifestly disproportionate effort compared with the right that is to be protected. In some cases, you may also ask for the portability of your data, and you have the right to withdraw the consent previously given.
Your rights regarding your personal data depend on the rights provided under the laws of the state of your residence. If a right is not provided to you under such laws, we have absolute discretion on whether to provide you with such rights.
You can exercise the above rights and ask information and further questions about the processing of your Personal Data by contacting privacy@valentino.com (please note that the delivery of an email request entails the subsequent acquisition of the sender's address, necessary to respond to requests and keep track of them, as well as any other personal data included in the electronic communication, for legal purposes). You can also write by mail at VALENTINO, via Turati 16/18, 20121, Milano (Italy), at the attention of the Legal Department.
Please finally note that you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Italian Data Protection Authority (Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali), based in Piazza Venezia, 11, 00187 Rome (website_url_lnk or with another data protection supervisory authority in the Country in which you reside.
HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
You can exercise the above mentioned rights by contacting us via e-mail, at privacy@valentino.com (please note that the delivery of an email request entails the subsequent acquisition of the sender's address, necessary to respond to requests and keep track of them, as well as any other personal data included in the electronic communication, for legal purposes)
You can exercise the above mentioned rights by contacting us by postal mail, at Valentino S.p. A., via Turati 16/18, 20121, Milano (Italy), to the attention of the Legal Department.
DATA SECURITY
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the electronic transmission of information is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, either on the Website or at our Stores, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted electronically.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. On the Website, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
YOUR STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS
State consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information.
California (see Privacy Notice for California Residents), Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to confirm whether we process their personal information.
California (see Privacy Notice for California Residents), Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to access and delete certain personal information.
California (see Privacy Notice for California Residents), Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information's nature processing purpose (excluding Iowa and Utah).
California (see Privacy Notice for California Residents), Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to data portability.
California (see Privacy Notice for California Residents), Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to opt-out of personal data processing for:
California (see Privacy Notice for California Residents), Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to targeted advertising (excluding Iowa).
California (see Privacy Notice for California Residents), Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to sales; or
California (see Privacy Notice for California Residents), Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects (excluding Iowa and Utah).
California (see Privacy Notice for California Residents), Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to ·Either limit (opt-out of) or require consent to process sensitive personal data.
The exact scope of these rights may vary by state, and we may not be subject to one or more of these state privacy laws. To exercise any of these rights please send us a request, to the attention of the DPO, at privacy@valentino.com.
Shine the Light Law. California Civil Code §1798.83 permits residents of California to request certain information about our disclosure, if any, during the prior calendar year of your personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. We did not disclose customers' personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the last year.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 16
The Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under the age of 16 may provide any information on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, do not use or provide any information on the Website, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address or any other personal information. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Policy on this page. The date the Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Policy to check for any changes.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Privacy Notice supplements our U. S. Privacy Policy and applies solely to the processing of the personal information of California residents. This section is intended to address the relevant notice requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (together, the "CCPA"), and uses certain terms having the meaning given in the CCPA and related regulations.
The document entitled "CCPA Notice at Collection for California Employees and Applicants" specifically addresses the personal information of our employees, job applicants, and independent contractors who are California residents.
Please refer to the sections in the Policy above explaining 1) what data we collect, 2) the purposes of such collection , 3) the sources of such information, 4) the categories of recipients with which we disclose the information and whether such information is sold and shared, and 5) the retention or storage period of such information (Section 1., Section 2., Section 4., Section 6., Section 10., and Section 12. of the Privacy Policy) )
As noted above, we engage in various activities in relation to the handling of data collected and processed via the Website, through VALENTINO, and jointly with VALENTINO.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE HAVE COLLECTED
Listed below are the categories of consumer personal information that we have collected in the preceding 12 months, the business purposes for which it was collected and the sources of the information cATEGORY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. BUSINESS PURPOSES FOR COLLECTING AND USING PERSONAL INFORMATION. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Identifiers (include information such as name, address, email address, IP address). 
For advertising and marketing services.
Performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, providing analytic services for advertising and marketing, and processing payments.
Directly from you.
Social media networks.
Automated information collection. 
Personal Information Classifications (include details like name, signature, address, phone number, education, and employment history). 
For advertising and marketing services.
Performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing analytic services, and hiring and retention services.
Directly from you.
Social media networks.
Credit reporting agencies.
Automated information collection. 
Commercial Information (includes records of Client Services, financial data, and payment information, excluding credit/debit card numbers and related credit/debit card data). 
For advertising and marketing services.
Providing analytic services to business or service provider.
Directly from you. 
Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information (includes data such as IP addresses, login information, browsing history on the Website, and interactions with websites, applications, or advertisement).. 
Performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, and providing analytic services.
Debugging to identify and repair technology-related errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Helping to ensure the security and integrity of the Website.
To improve the user experience on the Website.
Automated information collection. 
Geolocation Data (includes information regarding IP addresses and device locations used to determine general geographic location). 
For advertising and marketing services.
Helping to ensure the security and integrity of the Website.
To improve the user experience on the Website.
Directly from you.
Automated information collection. 
Inferences Drawn from Other Personal Information (refers to profiles reflecting preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, behaviours, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes). 
For advertising and marketing services.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Analytic services.
To improve the user experience on the Website.
Analytic Service Providers. 
Audio, Electronic, Visual, and Similar Information (includes call recordings, CCTV footage for safety and security purposes (e.g., office premises and stores). Safety, security, protection of property and persons. Automated information collection via CCTV systems. 
Sensitive Personal Information (, state identification card, or passport number, or account log-in, debit card, or credit card number with any required security code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, or precise geolocation. etc.). 
For financial account, debit card, or credit card number with any required security code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, and processing payments.
Directly from you. 
A legitimate interest is present when we have a business or commercial reason to use your personal information, so long as this interest does not outweigh your rights and interests under the CCPA.
We only use sensitive personal information for the business purposes described above.
SALE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION, PURPOSES FOR SALE OR SHARING AND THIRD PARTIES RECEIVING THE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Certain data collection and processing on the Website may be deemed by the CCPA as a "sale" or "sharing" of "personal information". Under the CCPA, sharing solely refers to the disclosure of personal information for cross-contextual behavioural advertising and is treated similarly under the law to the selling of personal information in exchange for consideration.
In the preceding 12 months, we have shared the following personal information to third parties, and we continue to share personal information with third parties, as specified below: cATEGORY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. BUSINESS PURPOSES FOR SELLING OR SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION. CATEGORIES OF RECEIVING THIRD PARTIES
Identifiers (include information such as name, address, email address, IP address). 
For advertising and marketing services.
To improve the user experience on the website.
Advertising networks. 
Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information (includes data such as IP addresses, login information, browsing history on the Website, and interactions with other websites, applications or advertisements, search terms, uploads and downloads, the URL that referred you to the Website). 
For advertising and marketing services.
To improve the user experience on the website
Advertising networks. 
Geolocation Data (includes information regarding IP addresses and device locations used to determine general geographic location). 
For advertising and marketing services.
To improve the user experience on the website
Advertising networks. 
We do not knowingly provide services to anyone under the age of 16 nor do we have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.]